postgresql-11.0/contrib/bloom/blutils.c	255	style	The scope of the variable 'nBit' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/bloom/blvalidate.c	183	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_bit.c	82	style	Variable 'out' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_bit.c	103	style	Variable 'out' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	47	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	48	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	58	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	59	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	69	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	70	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	80	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	81	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	91	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	92	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	119	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_time.c	120	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	49	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	50	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	60	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	61	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	71	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	72	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	82	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	83	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	93	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	94	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	123	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'aa' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_ts.c	124	style	Redundant pointer operation on 'bb' - it's already a pointer.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_utils_var.c	219	style	Variable 'out' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_utils_var.c	353	style	Variable 'trc' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_utils_var.c	481	style	Variable 'sv' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/btree_gist/btree_utils_var.c	468	style	The scope of the variable 'cur' can be reduced.
* yacc.c:358  *	811	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:358  *	677	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
cubescan.c	1381	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
cubescan.c	1382	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
cubescan.c	1393	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	260	style	The scope of the variable 'msg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	1277	style	The scope of the variable 'hentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	2653	style	The scope of the variable 'option' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	2775	style	The scope of the variable 'user_mapping' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	2776	style	The scope of the variable 'cell' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	2778	style	The scope of the variable 'fdw' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	1989	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dblink/dblink.c	2822	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dict_int/dict_int.c	41	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/contrib/dict_xsyn/dict_xsyn.c	156	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/contrib/file_fdw/file_fdw.c	1098	style	The scope of the variable 'found' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/file_fdw/file_fdw.c	209	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/file_fdw/file_fdw.c	391	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/file_fdw/file_fdw.c	457	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/file_fdw/file_fdw.c	867	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/fuzzystrmatch/dmetaphone.c	1435	style	The scope of the variable 'codes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/fuzzystrmatch/fuzzystrmatch.c	323	style	Array index 'idx' is used before limits check.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/hstore/hstore_gist.c	359	style	The scope of the variable '_k' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/hstore/hstore_io.c	1056	style	The scope of the variable 'value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/hstore/hstore_io.c	1058	style	The scope of the variable 'vallen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/hstore/hstore_op.c	42	style	The scope of the variable 'stopMiddle' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/intarray/_int_gist.c	146	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/intarray/_int_gist.c	147	style	The scope of the variable 'min' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/intarray/_int_gist.c	148	style	The scope of the variable 'cand' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/intarray/_int_op.c	65	style	The scope of the variable 'n' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/intarray/_intbig_gist.c	222	style	The scope of the variable 'diff' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/intarray/_intbig_gist.c	351	style	The scope of the variable '_k' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/isn/isn.c	174	style	The scope of the variable 'ean_p' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/isn/isn.c	176	style	The scope of the variable 'aux1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/isn/isn.c	177	style	The scope of the variable 'aux2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/isn/isn.c	446	style	The scope of the variable 'aux' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/isn/isn.c	447	style	The scope of the variable 'check' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/jsonb_plpython/jsonb_plpython.c	243	style	Variable 'items_v' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/_ltree_gist.c	54	style	The scope of the variable 'hash' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/_ltree_gist.c	224	style	The scope of the variable 'diff' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/_ltree_gist.c	299	style	The scope of the variable '_k' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/_ltree_gist.c	444	style	The scope of the variable 'hv' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/lquery_op.c	57	style	The scope of the variable 'tn' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/lquery_op.c	60	style	The scope of the variable 'isok' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/lquery_op.c	108	style	The scope of the variable 'cmpptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/ltree_gist.c	139	style	The scope of the variable 'hash' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/ltree_gist.c	159	style	The scope of the variable 'cur' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/ltree_gist.c	523	style	The scope of the variable 'bl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/ltree_gist.c	526	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/ltxtquery_io.c	60	style	The scope of the variable 'charlen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/ltxtquery_io.c	322	style	Unused variable: pbuf
postgresql-11.0/contrib/ltree/ltxtquery_io.c	323	style	Unused variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/contrib/oid2name/oid2name.c	357	style	The scope of the variable 'pad' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pageinspect/btreefuncs.c	427	style	The scope of the variable 'raw_page_size' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pageinspect/hashfuncs.c	192	style	The scope of the variable 'pagetype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pageinspect/hashfuncs.c	303	style	The scope of the variable 'nulls' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_standby/pg_standby.c	264	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_standby/pg_standby.c	266	style	The scope of the variable 'xlde' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_standby/pg_standby.c	568	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_stat_statements/pg_stat_statements.c	1380	style	Variable 'is_allowed_role' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_stat_statements/pg_stat_statements.c	1515	style	The scope of the variable 'stddev' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_stat_statements/pg_stat_statements.c	2369	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_gin.c	279	style	The scope of the variable 'boolcheck' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_gist.c	142	style	The scope of the variable 'retval' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_gist.c	649	style	The scope of the variable 'diff' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_op.c	300	style	The scope of the variable 'bytelen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_op.c	558	style	The scope of the variable 'smlr_tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_op.c	750	style	The scope of the variable 'clen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_op.c	890	style	The scope of the variable 'buf2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	741	style	The scope of the variable 'errMsg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	1200	style	The scope of the variable 'arcsCount' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	1218	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	1303	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	1478	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	1601	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	1980	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	2166	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pg_trgm/trgm_regexp.c	2228	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-blowfish.c	409	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-blowfish.c	410	style	The scope of the variable 'c2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-blowfish.c	445	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-blowfish.c	555	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-des.c	490	style	The scope of the variable 'kl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-des.c	491	style	The scope of the variable 'kr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-des.c	497	style	The scope of the variable 'round' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-des.c	653	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-gensalt.c	129	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-gensalt.c	130	style	The scope of the variable 'c2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/crypt-md5.c	72	style	Variable 'err' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/imath.c	1307	style	The scope of the variable 'cmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/imath.c	1901	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/imath.c	3001	style	The scope of the variable 'to' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/md5.c	153	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-armor.c	100	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-cfb.c	129	style	The scope of the variable 'n' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-cfb.c	161	style	The scope of the variable 'n' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-cfb.c	202	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-compress.c	111	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-compress.c	112	style	The scope of the variable 'n_out' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-compress.c	145	style	The scope of the variable 'zres' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-compress.c	146	style	The scope of the variable 'n_out' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-decrypt.c	131	style	The scope of the variable 'lentype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-decrypt.c	553	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-encrypt.c	195	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-encrypt.c	284	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-encrypt.c	336	style	The scope of the variable 'line_len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-info.c	93	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-pgsql.c	488	style	Variable 'src' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-pgsql.c	490	style	Variable 'dst' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-pgsql.c	303	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-pgsql.c	934	style	The scope of the variable 'utf8key' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-pgsql.c	935	style	The scope of the variable 'utf8val' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-pubkey.c	343	style	The scope of the variable 'cipher_algo' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-pubkey.c	344	style	The scope of the variable 'bs' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/pgp-s2k.c	137	style	The scope of the variable 'curcnt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/rijndael.c	516	style	The scope of the variable 'd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/rijndael.c	532	style	The scope of the variable 'd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/rijndael.c	174	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/rijndael.c	184	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/rijndael.c	617	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '%' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/rijndael.c	637	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '%' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/sha1.c	286	style	The scope of the variable 'gaplen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/sha1.c	287	style	The scope of the variable 'gapstart' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgcrypto/sha1.c	289	style	The scope of the variable 'copysiz' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/pgrowlocks/pgrowlocks.c	176	style	The scope of the variable 'first' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/connection.c	666	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/connection.c	1024	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1658	style	The scope of the variable 'first' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1659	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	215	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	660	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	700	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	724	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	894	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1293	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1365	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1401	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1669	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1730	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	1799	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2156	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2200	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2359	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2504	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2621	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2871	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2917	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2940	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2988	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	3099	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	3129	error	Uninitialized variable: lcell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	3313	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2555	error	Uninitialized variable: uplist_item
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/deparse.c	2817	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/option.c	79	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/option.c	307	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/option.c	344	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	3953	style	Variable 'ctid' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	3962	style	Variable 'oid' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4927	style	Variable 'useful_pathkeys_list' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	1142	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	2552	style	The scope of the variable 'sql' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	2553	style	The scope of the variable 'relations' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	2605	style	The scope of the variable 'fdw_private' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	2606	style	The scope of the variable 'sql' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	3299	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4389	style	The scope of the variable 'numrows' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4390	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	590	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	727	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	827	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	971	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	1170	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	1250	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	2104	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	3460	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	3572	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	3665	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	3836	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4007	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4048	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4232	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4394	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4724	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4930	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	4980	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	5008	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	5246	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	5309	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	5330	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	5364	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	5594	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/contrib/postgres_fdw/postgres_fdw.c	5779	error	Uninitialized variable: lc_em
* yacc.c:358  *	810	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:358  *	676	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
segscan.c	1362	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
segscan.c	1363	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
segscan.c	1374	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/dml.c	288	error	Uninitialized variable: lr
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/dml.c	335	error	Uninitialized variable: li
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/hooks.c	311	style	The scope of the variable 'cell' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/label.c	211	style	The scope of the variable 'prev' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/uavc.c	97	style	The scope of the variable 'prev' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/uavc.c	98	style	The scope of the variable 'index' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/uavc.c	308	style	The scope of the variable 'cache' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sepgsql/uavc.c	316	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/contrib/spi/refint.c	461	style	The scope of the variable 'fn' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/spi/refint.c	462	style	The scope of the variable 'nv' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/spi/refint.c	408	style	Variable 'nargs' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/spi/timetravel.c	429	style	The scope of the variable 'd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/spi/timetravel.c	430	style	The scope of the variable 's' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sslinfo/sslinfo.c	294	style	The scope of the variable 'nid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sslinfo/sslinfo.c	296	style	The scope of the variable 'e' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sslinfo/sslinfo.c	297	style	The scope of the variable 'v' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/sslinfo/sslinfo.c	298	style	The scope of the variable 'field_name' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/tablefunc/tablefunc.c	800	style	The scope of the variable 'values' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/tablefunc/tablefunc.c	879	style	The scope of the variable 'catdesc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/tcn/tcn.c	128	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/contrib/test_decoding/test_decoding.c	111	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/contrib/unaccent/unaccent.c	277	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/contrib/xml2/xpath.c	173	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/xml2/xpath.c	557	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/xml2/xpath.c	558	style	The scope of the variable 'rownr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/xml2/xpath.c	560	style	The scope of the variable 'had_values' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/xml2/xpath.c	701	style	The scope of the variable 'resstr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/contrib/xml2/xslt_proc.c	55	style	The scope of the variable 'paramstr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/brin/brin_pageops.c	577	style	The scope of the variable 'tup' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/brin/brin_revmap.c	204	style	The scope of the variable 'iptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/brin/brin_validate.c	206	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/heaptuple.c	125	style	The scope of the variable 'missattnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/heaptuple.c	780	style	The scope of the variable 'firstmissingnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/printtup.c	571	warning	%d in format string (no. 1) requires 'int' but the argument type is 'unsigned int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/reloptions.c	1300	portability	Casting between integer* and double* which have an incompatible binary data representation.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/reloptions.c	864	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/reloptions.c	1054	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/reloptions.c	840	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/reloptions.c	1604	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupconvert.c	217	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	155	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	313	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	412	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	413	style	The scope of the variable 'n' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	793	style	The scope of the variable 'attname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	797	style	The scope of the variable 'attdim' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	808	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/common/tupdesc.c	910	error	Uninitialized variable: l1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/gindatapage.c	459	style	The scope of the variable 'segsize' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/gindatapage.c	1904	style	The scope of the variable 'stack' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/gindatapage.c	742	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/gindatapage.c	876	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/gindatapage.c	996	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/gindatapage.c	1458	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/gindatapage.c	1733	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginfast.c	151	style	The scope of the variable 'tupsize' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginfast.c	348	style	The scope of the variable 'tupsize' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginget.c	503	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginget.c	504	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginget.c	505	style	The scope of the variable 'entryIndexes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginlogic.c	159	style	The scope of the variable 'boolResult' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginpostinglist.c	290	style	The scope of the variable 'endptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginvacuum.c	329	style	The scope of the variable 'hasVoidPage' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginvalidate.c	216	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginxlog.c	210	style	The scope of the variable 'olditems' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginxlog.c	212	style	The scope of the variable 'newitems' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginxlog.c	654	style	The scope of the variable 'tupsize' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginxlog.c	401	style	Variable 'payload' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gin/ginxlog.c	397	style	Variable 'leftChildBlkno' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gist/gist.c	227	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gist/gist.c	1293	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gist/gistbuild.c	779	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gist/gistbuildbuffers.c	599	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gist/gistproc.c	358	style	The scope of the variable 'range' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gist/gistutil.c	240	style	union member 'Anonymous0::padding' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/gist/gistvalidate.c	236	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/hash/hash.c	326	style	The scope of the variable 'currItem' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/hash/hash.c	703	style	The scope of the variable 'clear_dead_marking' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/hash/hash_xlog.c	247	style	Variable 'freep' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/hash/hash_xlog.c	802	style	Variable 'freep' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/hash/hash_xlog.c	324	style	The scope of the variable 'data' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/hash/hashovfl.c	648	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/hash/hashvalidate.c	201	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/heapam.c	8418	style	The scope of the variable 'ntup' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/heapam.c	8696	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/heapam.c	8836	style	The scope of the variable 'newp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/heapam.c	8574	style	Variable 'tbuf' is not assigned a value.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/heapam.c	8692	style	Variable 'tbuf' is not assigned a value.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/heapam.c	8841	style	Variable 'tbuf' is not assigned a value.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/heapam.c	4504	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/hio.c	126	style	The scope of the variable 'need_to_pin_buffer1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/hio.c	127	style	The scope of the variable 'need_to_pin_buffer2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/pruneheap.c	367	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/syncscan.c	137	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/tuptoaster.c	2012	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: chunkdata
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/tuptoaster.c	606	style	The scope of the variable 'old_value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/heap/tuptoaster.c	1484	style	union member 'Anonymous0::data' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/index/genam.c	186	style	The scope of the variable 'keyno' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/nbtree/nbtpage.c	1612	style	Variable 'opaque' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/nbtree/nbtsort.c	1074	style	The scope of the variable 'load1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/nbtree/nbtsort.c	1076	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/nbtree/nbtsort.c	1248	style	Variable 'leaderparticipates' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/nbtree/nbtvalidate.c	180	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/nbtree/nbtxlog.c	935	style	The scope of the variable 'ptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/nbtree/nbtxlog.c	305	style	Variable 'datapos' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/rmgrdesc/gindesc.c	35	style	The scope of the variable 'newsegsize' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/rmgrdesc/standbydesc.c	22	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	1924	style	Variable 'compressProcinfo' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	683	style	The scope of the variable 'procinfo' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	56	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	56	error	Uninitialized variable: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	91	error	Uninitialized variable: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	91	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	922	error	Uninitialized variable: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	1459	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	1459	error	Uninitialized variable: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgdoinsert.c	1754	error	Uninitialized variable: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgscan.c	58	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgscan.c	489	error	Uninitialized variable: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgscan.c	489	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgtextproc.c	190	style	The scope of the variable 'prefixSize' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgutils.c	613	style	The scope of the variable 'size' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgutils.c	824	style	The scope of the variable 'nodeLabels' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgutils.c	832	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgutils.c	843	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgvacuum.c	759	error	Uninitialized variable: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgvacuum.c	759	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/spgist/spgxlog.c	799	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/multixact.c	1483	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/multixact.c	1521	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/parallel.c	219	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/parallel.c	868	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/parallel.c	997	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/slru.c	725	style	The scope of the variable 'path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/timeline.c	210	style	The scope of the variable 'histfname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/timeline.c	519	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/timeline.c	537	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/timeline.c	567	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/twophase.c	1358	style	Variable 'bufptr' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xact.c	4572	style	Variable 's->state' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10346	style	Variable 'backup_started_in_recovery' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10873	style	Variable 'backup_started_in_recovery' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	2083	style	The scope of the variable 'nextidx' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	2372	style	The scope of the variable 'ispartialpage' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	2373	style	The scope of the variable 'last_iteration' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	2374	style	The scope of the variable 'finishing_seg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	2484	style	The scope of the variable 'written' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	3797	style	The scope of the variable 'lf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	4198	style	The scope of the variable 'record' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	6331	style	The scope of the variable 'reachedStopPoint' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10152	style	The scope of the variable 'o_direct_flag' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10340	style	The scope of the variable 'strfbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10341	style	The scope of the variable 'xlogfilename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10344	style	The scope of the variable 'fp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10854	style	The scope of the variable 'strfbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10855	style	The scope of the variable 'histfilepath' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10857	style	The scope of the variable 'stopxlogfilename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10858	style	The scope of the variable 'lastxlogfilename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10859	style	The scope of the variable 'histfilename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10862	style	The scope of the variable 'lfp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10863	style	The scope of the variable 'fp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10865	style	The scope of the variable 'seconds_before_warning' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10866	style	The scope of the variable 'waits' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10867	style	The scope of the variable 'reported_waiting' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10173	style	Variable 'o_direct_flag' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10423	style	Unused variable: ti
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10550	style	Variable 'datadirpathlen' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10557	style	Unused variable: linkpath
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10559	style	Unused variable: rllen
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10560	style	Unused variable: buflinkpath
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	10561	style	Variable 's' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	11518	warning	sscanf() without field width limits can crash with huge input data.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	3714	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	4367	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	6551	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlog.c	4023	style	The scope of the variable 'newpath' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/access/transam/xlogarchive.c	338	style	The scope of the variable 'signaled' can be reduced.
* yacc.c:358  *	912	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:358  *	779	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
bootscanner.c	1613	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
bootscanner.c	1614	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
bootscanner.c	1625	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/bootstrap/bootstrap.c	579	style	The scope of the variable 'app' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/bootstrap/bootstrap.c	895	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	1158	style	The scope of the variable 'nulls' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	1159	style	The scope of the variable 'replaces' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	1161	style	The scope of the variable 'nnewmembers' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	5965	style	The scope of the variable 'nulls' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	5966	style	The scope of the variable 'replace' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	5992	style	The scope of the variable 'nulls' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	792	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	923	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	1079	error	Uninitialized variable: rolecell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	1118	error	Uninitialized variable: nspcell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	1567	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	1800	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2133	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2253	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2380	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2505	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2628	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2760	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2899	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	3023	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	3143	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	187	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	425	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/aclchk.c	2052	error	Uninitialized variable: cell_colprivs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/catalog.c	399	style	The scope of the variable 'rpath' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/catalog.c	400	style	The scope of the variable 'fd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/dependency.c	1837	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/dependency.c	1920	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/dependency.c	2008	error	Uninitialized variable: ct
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	1558	style	The scope of the variable 'newattname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	2167	style	The scope of the variable 'exprState' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	2170	style	The scope of the variable 'econtext' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	2310	error	Uninitialized variable: vl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	2404	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	2503	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	2594	error	Uninitialized variable: cell2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	3060	error	Uninitialized variable: indlist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	3102	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	3188	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/heap.c	3225	error	Uninitialized variable: cell2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/index.c	779	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/index.c	174	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/index.c	3965	error	Uninitialized variable: indexId
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2163	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2285	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2411	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2538	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2664	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3559	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3612	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	680	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	735	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	774	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	830	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	984	error	Uninitialized variable: nsp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	1328	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	1521	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	1638	error	Uninitialized variable: nsp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	1786	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	1869	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2000	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2085	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2184	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2248	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2306	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2371	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2432	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2498	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2559	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2624	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2685	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	2751	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3089	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3123	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3422	error	Uninitialized variable: lcp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3580	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3633	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3668	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	3727	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/namespace.c	4308	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/objectaddress.c	1598	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/objectaddress.c	5225	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_constraint.c	896	style	The scope of the variable 'found' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_constraint.c	471	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_constraint.c	605	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_constraint.c	1572	error	Uninitialized variable: gl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_enum.c	104	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_inherits.c	195	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_inherits.c	211	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_inherits.c	346	error	Uninitialized variable: queue_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_proc.c	828	style	The scope of the variable 'raw_parsetree_list' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_proc.c	829	style	The scope of the variable 'querytree_list' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_proc.c	830	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_proc.c	538	error	Uninitialized variable: oldlc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_proc.c	918	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_publication.c	459	style	The scope of the variable 'publication' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_publication.c	460	style	The scope of the variable 'tables' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_shdepend.c	427	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_shdepend.c	1182	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/pg_shdepend.c	1297	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/catalog/storage.c	312	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/aggregatecmds.c	121	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/analyze.c	2216	style	The scope of the variable 'mcv_counts' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/analyze.c	2311	style	The scope of the variable 'corr_xysum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/analyze.c	2317	style	The scope of the variable 'track_cnt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/analyze.c	2581	style	The scope of the variable 'mcv_counts' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/analyze.c	425	error	Uninitialized variable: le
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/analyze.c	1370	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	446	style	The scope of the variable 'slotno' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	925	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	1328	style	The scope of the variable 'offset' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	786	error	Uninitialized variable: p
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	889	error	Uninitialized variable: p
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	1045	error	Uninitialized variable: q
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	1173	error	Uninitialized variable: p
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/async.c	2155	error	Uninitialized variable: p
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/cluster.c	1191	style	The scope of the variable 'swptmpchr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/cluster.c	144	error	Uninitialized variable: index
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/cluster.c	228	error	Uninitialized variable: rv
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/cluster.c	523	error	Uninitialized variable: index
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/collationcmds.c	41	style	struct member 'CollAliasData::localename' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/collationcmds.c	42	style	struct member 'CollAliasData::alias' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/collationcmds.c	43	style	struct member 'CollAliasData::enc' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/collationcmds.c	79	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/collationcmds.c	691	style	The scope of the variable 'icucomment' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/comment.c	152	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/comment.c	247	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/constraint.c	47	style	The scope of the variable 'econtext' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	4642	style	The scope of the variable 'start' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	916	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	1046	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	1476	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	1598	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	1621	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	1644	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	1668	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	1965	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	2134	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	3370	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	3494	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	4751	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/copy.c	846	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/createas.c	236	style	The scope of the variable 'rewritten' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/createas.c	237	style	The scope of the variable 'plan' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/createas.c	238	style	The scope of the variable 'queryDesc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/createas.c	169	error	Uninitialized variable: t
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dbcommands.c	1077	style	The scope of the variable 'new_record_nulls' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dbcommands.c	1078	style	The scope of the variable 'new_record_repl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dbcommands.c	1085	style	The scope of the variable 'xlde' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dbcommands.c	1642	style	The scope of the variable 'newAcl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dbcommands.c	146	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dbcommands.c	1418	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/define.c	339	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dropcmds.c	62	error	Uninitialized variable: cell1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/dropcmds.c	207	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	202	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	261	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	336	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	459	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	752	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	1049	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	1485	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/event_trigger.c	2037	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	1951	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	2147	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	2272	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	757	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	758	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	759	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	760	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	155	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	252	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	307	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	675	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	1648	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	2009	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	2170	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	2222	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	2227	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	2414	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	3278	error	Uninitialized variable: lst
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/explain.c	3180	error	Uninitialized variable: lst
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	305	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: versionname
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	320	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: versionname
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	329	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: versionname
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2976	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: versionName
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1889	style	The scope of the variable 'de' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1998	style	The scope of the variable 'de' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	716	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	732	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	957	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	990	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1136	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1228	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1492	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1572	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1802	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2087	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2139	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2191	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2257	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2262	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2294	error	Uninitialized variable: lcv
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	2940	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	3024	error	Uninitialized variable: lcv
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	3103	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	852	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/extension.c	1669	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	1636	style	Variable 'callback_arg.tablename' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	211	style	The scope of the variable 'repl_null' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	212	style	The scope of the variable 'repl_repl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	213	style	The scope of the variable 'newAcl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	341	style	The scope of the variable 'repl_null' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	342	style	The scope of the variable 'repl_repl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	343	style	The scope of the variable 'newAcl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	70	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	118	error	Uninitialized variable: optcell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	128	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	528	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	1566	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/foreigncmds.c	1594	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	1814	style	The scope of the variable 'replaces' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	220	error	Uninitialized variable: x
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	349	error	Uninitialized variable: px
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	619	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	675	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	980	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	1218	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	2096	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/functioncmds.c	2291	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/indexcmds.c	922	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/indexcmds.c	999	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/indexcmds.c	1435	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/indexcmds.c	2112	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/indexcmds.c	2144	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/indexcmds.c	2168	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/indexcmds.c	2469	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/lockcmds.c	277	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/lockcmds.c	58	error	Uninitialized variable: p
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/lockcmds.c	124	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/lockcmds.c	198	error	Uninitialized variable: rtable
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/matview.c	227	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/matview.c	674	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	462	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	836	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	961	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	1257	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	1307	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	1422	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	1512	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/opclasscmds.c	1552	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/operatorcmds.c	103	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/operatorcmds.c	415	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/policy.c	243	style	The scope of the variable 'qual_value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/policy.c	245	style	The scope of the variable 'with_check_value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/policy.c	529	style	The scope of the variable 'qual_value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/policy.c	532	style	The scope of the variable 'with_check_value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/policy.c	157	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/prepare.c	114	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/prepare.c	361	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/prepare.c	681	error	Uninitialized variable: p
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	79	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	112	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	302	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	354	error	Uninitialized variable: oldlc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	360	error	Uninitialized variable: newlc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	500	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	535	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	573	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	592	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/publicationcmds.c	624	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/schemacmds.c	368	style	The scope of the variable 'newAcl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/schemacmds.c	179	error	Uninitialized variable: parsetree_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/seclabel.c	49	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/seclabel.c	69	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/sequence.c	1247	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/statscmds.c	95	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/statscmds.c	502	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	419	style	The scope of the variable 'tables' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	420	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	421	style	The scope of the variable 'table_state' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	101	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	267	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	273	error	Uninitialized variable: pcell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	538	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	1129	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	442	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/subscriptioncmds.c	930	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	1421	style	The scope of the variable 'logrelids' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	5361	style	The scope of the variable 'defval' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	5939	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	9067	style	The scope of the variable 'newval' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	10353	style	The scope of the variable 'newAcl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	932	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	1332	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	1361	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	1489	error	Uninitialized variable: seqcell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	1882	error	Uninitialized variable: entry
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	2491	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	2552	error	Uninitialized variable: entry
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	2619	error	Uninitialized variable: s
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	2777	error	Uninitialized variable: lo
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	2777	error	Uninitialized variable: li
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	2982	error	Uninitialized variable: lo
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	2982	error	Uninitialized variable: li
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	3374	error	Uninitialized variable: lcmd
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	3622	error	Uninitialized variable: lcmd
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	4313	error	Uninitialized variable: ltab
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	4502	error	Uninitialized variable: lcon
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	4602	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	4875	error	Uninitialized variable: ltab
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	5047	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	5083	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	5934	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	6252	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	6815	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	7198	error	Uninitialized variable: lcon
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	7906	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	8032	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	8107	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	8168	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	8279	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	9236	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	9871	error	Uninitialized variable: def_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	9870	error	Uninitialized variable: oid_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	9970	error	Uninitialized variable: list_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	10028	error	Uninitialized variable: lcmd
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	10768	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	11208	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	12058	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	12402	error	Uninitialized variable: index
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	13030	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	13187	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	13211	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	13598	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	13635	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	14227	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	14355	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	14673	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	701	error	Uninitialized variable: listptr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	1145	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	5713	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	7259	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablecmds.c	8954	error	Uninitialized variable: child
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablespace.c	1192	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tablespace.c	1328	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	1112	style	Variable 'idxs' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	1125	style	The scope of the variable 'l2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	3929	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	5109	style	The scope of the variable 'event' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	418	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	604	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	846	error	Uninitialized variable: le
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	893	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	1136	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	1252	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	4160	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	4621	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	4917	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	5388	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	5423	error	Uninitialized variable: nslc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	2232	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/trigger.c	2233	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	208	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	437	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	567	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	764	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	989	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	1245	error	Uninitialized variable: tn
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	1332	error	Uninitialized variable: c
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	1455	error	Uninitialized variable: c
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/tsearchcmds.c	1524	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	2199	style	The scope of the variable 'pstate' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	2201	style	The scope of the variable 'defaultValue' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	3459	style	The scope of the variable 'newAcl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	240	error	Uninitialized variable: pl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	881	error	Uninitialized variable: listptr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	1435	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	2375	error	Uninitialized variable: rt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	2775	error	Uninitialized variable: rt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/typecmds.c	2948	error	Uninitialized variable: rellist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	387	style	The scope of the variable 'shadow_pass' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	808	style	The scope of the variable 'shadow_pass' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	546	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	984	error	Uninitialized variable: item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1298	error	Uninitialized variable: item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1339	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1366	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1401	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1479	error	Uninitialized variable: specitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1479	error	Uninitialized variable: iditem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1608	error	Uninitialized variable: specitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	1608	error	Uninitialized variable: iditem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	125	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/user.c	458	error	Uninitialized variable: item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuum.c	104	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuum.c	254	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuum.c	334	error	Uninitialized variable: cur
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuum.c	485	error	Uninitialized variable: part_lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuum.c	1629	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuumlazy.c	200	style	The scope of the variable 'read_rate' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuumlazy.c	201	style	The scope of the variable 'write_rate' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/vacuumlazy.c	1813	style	The scope of the variable 'lock_retry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/variable.c	258	style	The scope of the variable 'hours' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/variable.c	70	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/view.c	83	error	Uninitialized variable: t
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/view.c	178	error	Uninitialized variable: c
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/view.c	488	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/commands/view.c	521	error	Uninitialized variable: targetList
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execAmi.c	99	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execAmi.c	487	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execCurrent.c	104	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	2826	style	The scope of the variable 'setoff' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	244	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	319	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	374	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	571	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1023	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1175	error	Uninitialized variable: l1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1175	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1435	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1563	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1630	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1786	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1816	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1899	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	1965	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	2215	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	2408	error	Uninitialized variable: tlist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	2490	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	2721	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	2969	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	3009	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	3073	error	Uninitialized variable: bail
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExpr.c	3330	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	3546	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	3546	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	3730	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	409	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: state
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	410	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: state
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	411	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: econtext
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	412	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: econtext
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	413	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: econtext
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	421	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_DONE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	426	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_INNER_FETCHSOME' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	434	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_OUTER_FETCHSOME' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	441	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_SCAN_FETCHSOME' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	448	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_INNER_VAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	465	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_OUTER_VAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	478	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_SCAN_VAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	491	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_INNER_SYSVAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	509	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_OUTER_SYSVAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	527	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_SCAN_SYSVAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	545	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_WHOLEROW' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	553	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ASSIGN_INNER_VAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	569	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ASSIGN_OUTER_VAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	585	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ASSIGN_SCAN_VAR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	601	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ASSIGN_TMP' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	611	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ASSIGN_TMP_MAKE_RO' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	625	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_CONST' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	648	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_FUNCEXPR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	661	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_FUNCEXPR_STRICT' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	686	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_FUNCEXPR_FUSAGE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	694	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_FUNCEXPR_STRICT_FUSAGE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	712	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOL_AND_STEP_FIRST' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	724	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOL_AND_STEP' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	740	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOL_AND_STEP_LAST' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	779	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOL_OR_STEP_FIRST' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	791	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOL_OR_STEP' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	807	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOL_OR_STEP_LAST' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	836	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOL_NOT_STEP' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	849	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_QUAL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	871	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_JUMP' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	877	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_JUMP_IF_NULL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	886	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_JUMP_IF_NOT_NULL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	895	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_JUMP_IF_NOT_TRUE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	904	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_NULLTEST_ISNULL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	912	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_NULLTEST_ISNOTNULL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	920	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_NULLTEST_ROWISNULL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	928	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_NULLTEST_ROWISNOTNULL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	938	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOLTEST_IS_TRUE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	950	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOLTEST_IS_NOT_TRUE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	963	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOLTEST_IS_FALSE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	976	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_BOOLTEST_IS_NOT_FALSE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	988	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_PARAM_EXEC' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	996	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_PARAM_EXTERN' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1003	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_PARAM_CALLBACK' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1010	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_CASE_TESTVAL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1035	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_DOMAIN_TESTVAL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1054	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_MAKE_READONLY' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1067	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_IOCOERCE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1128	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_DISTINCT' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1170	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_NOT_DISTINCT' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1197	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_NULLIF' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1229	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_SQLVALUEFUNCTION' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1240	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_CURRENTOFEXPR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1248	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_NEXTVALUEEXPR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1259	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ARRAYEXPR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1267	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ARRAYCOERCE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1275	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ROW' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1283	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ROWCOMPARE_STEP' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1318	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ROWCOMPARE_FINAL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1347	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_MINMAX' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1355	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_FIELDSELECT' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1363	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_FIELDSTORE_DEFORM' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1371	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_FIELDSTORE_FORM' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1379	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ARRAYREF_SUBSCRIPT' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1395	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ARRAYREF_OLD' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1412	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ARRAYREF_ASSIGN' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1423	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ARRAYREF_FETCH' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1431	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_CONVERT_ROWTYPE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1439	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_SCALARARRAYOP' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1447	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_DOMAIN_NOTNULL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1455	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_DOMAIN_CHECK' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1463	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_XMLEXPR' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1471	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGGREF' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1487	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_GROUPING_FUNC' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1495	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_WINDOW_FUNC' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1510	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_SUBPLAN' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1518	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_ALTERNATIVE_SUBPLAN' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1527	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_STRICT_DESERIALIZE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1539	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_DESERIALIZE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1562	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_STRICT_INPUT_CHECK' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1579	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_INIT_TRANS' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1607	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_STRICT_TRANS_CHECK' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1628	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_PLAIN_TRANS_BYVAL' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1679	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_PLAIN_TRANS' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1738	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_ORDERED_TRANS_DATUM' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1747	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_AGG_ORDERED_TRANS_TUPLE' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execExprInterp.c	1755	style	Label 'CASE_EEOP_LAST' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execIndexing.c	191	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execJunk.c	67	style	The scope of the variable 't' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execJunk.c	143	style	The scope of the variable 't' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execJunk.c	144	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execJunk.c	98	error	Uninitialized variable: t
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execJunk.c	225	error	Uninitialized variable: t
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	646	style	The scope of the variable 'col' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	1688	style	The scope of the variable 'slot' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	2301	style	The scope of the variable 'val' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	2302	style	The scope of the variable 'vallen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	576	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	777	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	845	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	939	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	1062	error	Uninitialized variable: tlist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	1422	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	1475	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	1568	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	1614	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	2123	error	Uninitialized variable: l1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	2124	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	2418	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	2914	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	3252	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execMain.c	3296	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execParallel.c	814	style	Variable 'estate->es_query_dsa' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execParallel.c	902	style	Variable 'estate->es_query_dsa' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execParallel.c	347	style	The scope of the variable 'prm' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execParallel.c	837	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execParallel.c	162	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	561	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	472	error	Uninitialized variable: ll
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	576	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	583	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	954	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	1500	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	1515	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	1571	error	Uninitialized variable: lc3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	1584	error	Uninitialized variable: lc4
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execPartition.c	159	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execProcnode.c	373	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: result
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execProcnode.c	414	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execProcnode.c	415	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: node
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execProcnode.c	380	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execSRF.c	819	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execTuples.c	191	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execTuples.c	996	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execTuples.c	1032	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execTuples.c	1069	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execUtils.c	879	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execUtils.c	887	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/execUtils.c	1062	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	482	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	489	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	711	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	1084	error	Uninitialized variable: eslc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	1411	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	1460	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	1504	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/functions.c	1618	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	622	style	Variable 'aggstate->curpertrans' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	1955	style	The scope of the variable 'entry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	916	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	1099	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	1349	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	3102	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	3269	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAgg.c	2209	error	Uninitialized variable: outerPlan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeAppend.c	218	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeBitmapAnd.c	62	style	The scope of the variable 'initNode' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeBitmapAnd.c	88	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeBitmapOr.c	63	style	The scope of the variable 'initNode' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeBitmapOr.c	89	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeFunctionscan.c	341	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeFunctionscan.c	590	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHash.c	674	style	The scope of the variable 'skew_table_bytes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHash.c	851	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHash.c	1056	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHash.c	1493	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHash.c	3121	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHash.c	1797	error	Uninitialized variable: hk
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHash.c	545	error	Uninitialized variable: ho
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHashjoin.c	947	style	The scope of the variable 'slot' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHashjoin.c	1118	style	The scope of the variable 'slot' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeHashjoin.c	730	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeIndexscan.c	434	style	The scope of the variable 'result' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeIndexscan.c	1078	style	Variable 'i' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeIndexscan.c	393	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeIndexscan.c	1056	error	Uninitialized variable: lco
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeIndexscan.c	1056	error	Uninitialized variable: lcx
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeIndexscan.c	1218	error	Uninitialized variable: qual_cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeLimit.c	367	error	Uninitialized variable: outerPlan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeLockRows.c	361	error	Uninitialized variable: outerPlan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeLockRows.c	414	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeLockRows.c	73	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeMaterial.c	217	error	Uninitialized variable: outerPlan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeMergeAppend.c	119	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeMergejoin.c	191	error	Uninitialized variable: cl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeMergejoin.c	524	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeModifyTable.c	95	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeModifyTable.c	2264	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeModifyTable.c	2374	error	Uninitialized variable: ll
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeProjectSet.c	48	style	The scope of the variable 'outerPlan' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeProjectSet.c	275	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeResult.c	72	style	The scope of the variable 'outerPlan' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSamplescan.c	269	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSetOp.c	426	style	The scope of the variable 'entry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	284	error	Uninitialized variable: pvar
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	254	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	284	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	396	error	Uninitialized variable: plst
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	570	error	Uninitialized variable: plst
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	830	error	Uninitialized variable: lst
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	912	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	1071	error	Uninitialized variable: pvar
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	1071	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	1271	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeSubplan.c	1306	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeTableFuncscan.c	402	style	The scope of the variable 'colfilter' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeTableFuncscan.c	364	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeTableFuncscan.c	364	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeTidscan.c	72	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeTidscan.c	155	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeValuesscan.c	141	style	Variable 'econtext->ecxt_estate->es_jit_flags' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeValuesscan.c	156	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeValuesscan.c	288	error	Uninitialized variable: vtl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	346	style	Variable 'winstate->curaggcontext' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	517	style	Variable 'winstate->curaggcontext' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	627	style	Variable 'winstate->curaggcontext' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	272	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	449	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	2312	error	Uninitialized variable: outerPlan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	2391	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/nodeWindowAgg.c	2629	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	1153	warning	Either the condition '_SPI_current!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: _SPI_current.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	139	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	402	error	Uninitialized variable: siter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	714	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	755	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	1126	error	Uninitialized variable: siter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	1412	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	1635	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	1911	error	Uninitialized variable: list_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	2015	error	Uninitialized variable: list_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	2107	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	2179	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	2722	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/spi.c	2781	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/executor/tstoreReceiver.c	53	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/foreign/foreign.c	507	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/foreign/foreign.c	619	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/foreign/foreign.c	722	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/jit/llvm/llvmjit.c	268	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/jit/llvm/llvmjit_expr.c	132	warning	Either the condition 'if(parent)' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: parent.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/auth-scram.c	1208	style	Variable 'cbind_data' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/auth.c	866	style	The scope of the variable 'mtype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/auth.c	2892	error	Uninitialized variable: server
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/auth.c	1096	style	The scope of the variable 'mtype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/auth.c	1350	style	The scope of the variable 'mtype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/be-fsstubs.c	474	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/be-secure-openssl.c	1173	style	The scope of the variable 'nid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/be-secure-openssl.c	1175	style	The scope of the variable 'e' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/be-secure-openssl.c	1176	style	The scope of the variable 'v' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/be-secure-openssl.c	1177	style	The scope of the variable 'field_name' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	589	style	The scope of the variable 'tok' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	613	style	The scope of the variable 'tok' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	952	style	The scope of the variable 'ret' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	953	style	The scope of the variable 'cidr_slash' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	1877	style	The scope of the variable 'ret' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2359	style	The scope of the variable 'buffer' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2362	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2363	style	The scope of the variable 'typestr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2364	style	The scope of the variable 'addrstr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2366	style	The scope of the variable 'options' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2755	style	The scope of the variable 'errstr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	422	error	Uninitialized variable: inc_line
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	434	error	Uninitialized variable: inc_field
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	439	error	Uninitialized variable: inc_token
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	591	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	615	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	1061	error	Uninitialized variable: tokencell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	1897	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	1945	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2034	error	Uninitialized variable: line
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2156	error	Uninitialized variable: line
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2558	error	Uninitialized variable: line
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2887	error	Uninitialized variable: line_cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/hba.c	2946	error	Uninitialized variable: line_cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/pqcomm.c	1096	style	The scope of the variable 'amount' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/pqcomm.c	1130	style	The scope of the variable 'amount' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/pqcomm.c	1371	style	The scope of the variable 'amount' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/pqcomm.c	864	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/libpq/pqcomm.c	894	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/bitmapset.c	377	style	The scope of the variable 'longlen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/bitmapset.c	534	style	The scope of the variable 'wordnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/bitmapset.c	535	style	The scope of the variable 'bitnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/bitmapset.c	540	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	363	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	451	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	472	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	492	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	512	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	576	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	599	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	622	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	645	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	706	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	730	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	753	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	776	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	812	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	838	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	869	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	895	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	920	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	945	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	1025	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	1047	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	1068	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/list.c	1089	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	383	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	417	error	Uninitialized variable: elem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	445	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	473	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	1420	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	1725	error	Uninitialized variable: opid
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	2307	error	Uninitialized variable: rt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	2911	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	3140	error	Uninitialized variable: rt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/nodeFuncs.c	3812	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/outfuncs.c	182	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/print.c	260	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/print.c	427	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/print.c	440	error	Uninitialized variable: k
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/print.c	467	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/print.c	405	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	792	style	Variable 'token' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	1993	style	Variable 'token' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2475	style	Variable 'token' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2862	style	The scope of the variable 'token' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2886	style	The scope of the variable 'token' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2910	style	The scope of the variable 'token' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2934	style	The scope of the variable 'token' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	554	style	Variable 'token' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	1645	style	Variable 'token' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2065	style	Variable 'token' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2112	style	Variable 'token' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2129	style	Variable 'token' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/readfuncs.c	2198	style	Variable 'token' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/nodes/tidbitmap.c	792	style	The scope of the variable 'idx' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_erx.c	98	style	The scope of the variable 'index2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_erx.c	244	style	The scope of the variable 'possess_edge' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_erx.c	245	style	The scope of the variable 'genes_remaining' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_eval.c	209	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_eval.c	246	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_main.c	92	style	The scope of the variable 'cycle_diffs' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_main.c	200	style	Variable 'mutations' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_main.c	73	style	The scope of the variable 'kid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_main.c	89	style	Unused variable: city_table
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_main.c	92	style	Variable 'cycle_diffs' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_main.c	93	style	Variable 'mutations' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_mutation.c	43	style	The scope of the variable 'swap1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_mutation.c	44	style	The scope of the variable 'swap2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_ox1.c	54	style	The scope of the variable 'temp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_ox2.c	52	style	The scope of the variable 'pos' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_ox2.c	84	style	Array index 'j' is used before limits check.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_pmx.c	56	style	The scope of the variable 'temp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_pmx.c	62	style	The scope of the variable 'mx_hold' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_pmx.c	170	style	Variable 'mx_fail' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_px.c	52	style	The scope of the variable 'pos' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/geqo/geqo_recombination.c	37	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1488	style	Variable 'nppath' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2859	style	The scope of the variable 'topop' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	223	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	956	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1031	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1056	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1103	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1304	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1441	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1534	error	Uninitialized variable: lcp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1547	error	Uninitialized variable: lpk
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1573	error	Uninitialized variable: lco
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1614	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1672	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1727	error	Uninitialized variable: lcr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1790	error	Uninitialized variable: lcp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1799	error	Uninitialized variable: lcr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1899	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2138	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2298	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2410	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2570	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2615	error	Uninitialized variable: jl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2744	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2979	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	3049	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	3080	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	3151	error	Uninitialized variable: vl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	3321	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1229	error	Uninitialized variable: parentvars
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	1230	error	Uninitialized variable: childvars
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	2220	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/allpaths.c	3609	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/clausesel.c	152	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/clausesel.c	435	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/clausesel.c	720	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	3282	style	The scope of the variable 'hcl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4051	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	775	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	904	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	913	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	1106	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	1151	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	1206	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	1790	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	1864	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	1878	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	2199	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	3085	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	3335	error	Uninitialized variable: hcl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	3727	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	3903	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4063	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4266	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4498	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4612	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4833	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4905	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	5104	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	5260	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	1809	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/costsize.c	4196	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1577	style	The scope of the variable 'prev' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	257	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	281	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	650	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	668	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	806	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	877	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	941	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1020	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1117	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1181	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1223	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1346	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1389	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1436	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1724	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1743	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1839	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1874	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1988	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	1999	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2043	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2055	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2116	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2137	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2233	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2265	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2349	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2402	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2473	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/equivclass.c	2504	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	249	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	368	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	393	error	Uninitialized variable: lcp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	393	error	Uninitialized variable: lco
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	516	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	539	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	628	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	688	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	710	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	785	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	927	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1174	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1276	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1292	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1445	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1716	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1758	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1766	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1802	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1812	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1842	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	1898	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	2034	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	2134	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	2200	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	2582	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	2610	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	2812	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	2904	error	Uninitialized variable: lcr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	3002	error	Uninitialized variable: ic
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	3063	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	3166	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	3561	error	Uninitialized variable: lcc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	3561	error	Uninitialized variable: lci
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	4004	error	Uninitialized variable: opfamilies_cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/indxpath.c	3099	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	997	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1471	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1576	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1618	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1634	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1697	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1805	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1942	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	228	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinpath.c	1414	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	83	error	Uninitialized variable: r
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	173	error	Uninitialized variable: r2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	280	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	314	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	368	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	954	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	1053	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	1106	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	1171	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	1269	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	1443	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/joinrels.c	1559	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1503	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	63	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	138	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	291	error	Uninitialized variable: key1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	291	error	Uninitialized variable: key2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	351	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	396	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	425	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	474	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	625	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	711	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	722	error	Uninitialized variable: k
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	881	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1019	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1070	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1148	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1174	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1310	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1421	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1499	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1524	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/pathkeys.c	1565	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/tidpath.c	192	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/tidpath.c	201	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/path/tidpath.c	228	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	223	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	362	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	462	error	Uninitialized variable: jl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	608	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	684	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	797	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	936	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	936	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	1000	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	1096	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/analyzejoins.c	70	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5793	style	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	6248	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	752	error	Uninitialized variable: v
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	850	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	1062	error	Uninitialized variable: subpaths
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	1173	error	Uninitialized variable: subpaths
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	1369	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	1904	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	1956	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2097	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2196	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2356	error	Uninitialized variable: subpaths
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2357	error	Uninitialized variable: subroots
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2597	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2653	error	Uninitialized variable: pathkeyCell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2653	error	Uninitialized variable: exprCell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2758	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2856	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2903	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	2991	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	3302	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	3572	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	3610	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4013	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4274	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4337	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4378	error	Uninitialized variable: ppl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4392	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4422	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4475	error	Uninitialized variable: lcc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4475	error	Uninitialized variable: lci
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4548	error	Uninitialized variable: lca
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4548	error	Uninitialized variable: lcai
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4606	error	Uninitialized variable: lcc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4606	error	Uninitialized variable: lci
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4734	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4830	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	4991	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5393	error	Uninitialized variable: slitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5646	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5712	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5765	error	Uninitialized variable: k
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5856	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5947	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	5998	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	6195	error	Uninitialized variable: slitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	6240	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	6275	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	6372	error	Uninitialized variable: slitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	6557	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	6557	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/createplan.c	3932	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	205	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	354	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	804	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	1125	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	1130	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	1211	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	1473	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	2101	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	2210	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	2444	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	2509	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/initsplan.c	986	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planagg.c	157	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planagg.c	303	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3665	warning	Either the condition 'cheapest_total_path!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: path.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2273	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4194	style	The scope of the variable 'rollup' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4638	style	The scope of the variable 'path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4639	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	6178	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	481	error	Uninitialized variable: lp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	500	error	Uninitialized variable: lp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	481	error	Uninitialized variable: lr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	500	error	Uninitialized variable: lr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	856	error	Uninitialized variable: lcsq
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	1204	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	1401	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	1436	error	Uninitialized variable: lr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	1458	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2354	error	Uninitialized variable: lc_set
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2288	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2451	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2464	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2555	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2954	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3099	error	Uninitialized variable: sl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3253	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3260	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3410	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3568	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3578	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	3603	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4170	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4331	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4387	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4486	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4565	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4596	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4712	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	4871	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5020	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5105	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5233	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5269	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5377	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5382	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5602	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5755	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5807	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5815	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5815	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5848	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5848	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	5974	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	6190	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	6529	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	6874	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	6943	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	7180	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	682	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/planner.c	2143	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	226	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	265	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	790	error	Uninitialized variable: lcrl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	791	error	Uninitialized variable: lcrr
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	792	error	Uninitialized variable: lcp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1091	error	Uninitialized variable: lp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1091	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1144	error	Uninitialized variable: lp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1144	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1313	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1426	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1545	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1628	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1742	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1809	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1922	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	1999	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	2049	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	2170	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	2434	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/setrefs.c	2632	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	106	error	Uninitialized variable: ppl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	216	error	Uninitialized variable: ppl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	682	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	925	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	957	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	1091	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	1164	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	1754	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2050	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2071	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2143	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2186	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2307	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2314	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2448	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2557	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2588	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2605	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2622	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2639	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2656	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2676	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	2922	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	1857	error	Uninitialized variable: rc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/plan/subselect.c	1857	error	Uninitialized variable: oc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	2126	style	Variable 'rcon->need_phvs' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	201	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	528	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	577	error	Uninitialized variable: rt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	745	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	1100	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	1291	error	Uninitialized variable: rt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	1414	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	1642	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	1897	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	2300	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	2523	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	2609	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	2609	error	Uninitialized variable: s
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	2948	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	2992	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepjointree.c	3052	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	163	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	176	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	326	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	358	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	424	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	468	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	549	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepqual.c	587	error	Uninitialized variable: temp2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/preptlist.c	126	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/preptlist.c	202	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/preptlist.c	428	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1523	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	425	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	627	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	688	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1174	error	Uninitialized variable: ctlc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1174	error	Uninitialized variable: cclc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1174	error	Uninitialized variable: itlc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1325	error	Uninitialized variable: tlistl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1332	error	Uninitialized variable: subtlistl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1436	error	Uninitialized variable: lt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1617	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	2021	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	2463	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1364	error	Uninitialized variable: curColCollation
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/prep/prepunion.c	1365	error	Uninitialized variable: ref_tl_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	2792	style	The scope of the variable 'simple' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	1606	error	Uninitialized variable: opid
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	1607	error	Uninitialized variable: larg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	1608	error	Uninitialized variable: rarg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	1706	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	1914	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	2097	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	2348	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	2810	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	3251	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	3362	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	3530	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	4141	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	4193	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	4319	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	4386	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	4696	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/clauses.c	5319	error	Uninitialized variable: tlistitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/joininfo.c	59	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/orclauses.c	103	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/orclauses.c	177	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/orclauses.c	189	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	263	style	The scope of the variable 'cmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	260	error	Uninitialized variable: p
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	908	error	Uninitialized variable: p1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	1277	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	1386	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	1811	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	2192	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	2593	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	2909	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	3038	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	3356	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	3574	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	3943	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/pathnode.c	671	error	Uninitialized variable: p1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/placeholder.c	79	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/placeholder.c	179	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/placeholder.c	226	error	Uninitialized variable: vl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/placeholder.c	269	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/placeholder.c	354	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/placeholder.c	383	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/placeholder.c	417	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	183	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	520	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	531	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	632	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	758	error	Uninitialized variable: el
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	1320	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	1826	error	Uninitialized variable: ilist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	1938	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/plancat.c	1465	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/predtest.c	1336	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/predtest.c	1926	error	Uninitialized variable: lcp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	324	style	The scope of the variable 'rel' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	88	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	118	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	284	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	364	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	420	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	910	error	Uninitialized variable: vars
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	1044	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	1081	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	1167	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	1266	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	1373	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/relnode.c	1565	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/restrictinfo.c	338	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/restrictinfo.c	362	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/restrictinfo.c	393	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	767	style	The scope of the variable 'tle' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	76	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	100	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	127	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	158	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	189	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	212	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	247	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	247	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	274	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	308	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	345	error	Uninitialized variable: ld
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	345	error	Uninitialized variable: ls
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	370	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	418	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	447	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	468	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	493	error	Uninitialized variable: glitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	519	error	Uninitialized variable: glitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	540	error	Uninitialized variable: glitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	560	error	Uninitialized variable: glitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	596	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	620	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	736	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	764	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	1025	error	Uninitialized variable: lcx
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	1190	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	1230	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	910	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	992	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	993	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/tlist.c	994	error	Uninitialized variable: lc3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/var.c	717	style	Variable 'attnum' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/var.c	714	error	Uninitialized variable: lv
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/optimizer/util/var.c	714	error	Uninitialized variable: ln
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	226	warning	Either the condition 'stmt' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: stmt.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1621	warning	Either the condition 'leftmostSelect' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: leftmostSelect.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2299	style	Variable 'tlist' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1880	style	The scope of the variable 'tl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2738	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	640	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	684	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	834	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	953	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1324	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1387	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1698	error	Uninitialized variable: lct
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1699	error	Uninitialized variable: lcm
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1700	error	Uninitialized variable: lcc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1921	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2199	error	Uninitialized variable: nrtl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2310	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2616	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2790	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2755	error	Uninitialized variable: rt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	1796	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2010	error	Uninitialized variable: ltl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/analyze.c	2010	error	Uninitialized variable: rtl
* yacc.c:358  *	24076	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:1646  *	7	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:1646  *	6	error	Uninitialized variable: col_cell
* yacc.c:1646  *	13	error	Uninitialized variable: option
* yacc.c:1646  *	11	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:1906  *	55	error	Uninitialized variable: l
* yacc.c:1906  *	232	error	Uninitialized variable: i
* yacc.c:1906  *	249	error	Uninitialized variable: i
* yacc.c:1906  *	267	error	Uninitialized variable: l
* yacc.c:1906  *	290	error	Uninitialized variable: i
* yacc.c:1906  *	599	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:1906  *	829	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:358  *	23941	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1736	style	Variable 'current_result' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	111	style	The scope of the variable 'save_next_resno' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1448	style	The scope of the variable 'gl' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	118	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	147	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	261	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	943	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	965	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1079	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1302	error	Uninitialized variable: gl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1502	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1666	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1691	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1731	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1765	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1770	error	Uninitialized variable: lc3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_agg.c	1827	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	132	error	Uninitialized variable: fl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	267	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	306	error	Uninitialized variable: lnames
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	306	error	Uninitialized variable: lvars
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	312	error	Uninitialized variable: cnames
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	357	error	Uninitialized variable: lvars
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	357	error	Uninitialized variable: rvars
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	548	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	596	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	786	error	Uninitialized variable: col
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	886	error	Uninitialized variable: ns
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1018	error	Uninitialized variable: larg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1018	error	Uninitialized variable: ltyp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1316	error	Uninitialized variable: lx
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1360	error	Uninitialized variable: ucol
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1371	error	Uninitialized variable: col
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1688	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1705	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	1938	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2045	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2152	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2184	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2283	error	Uninitialized variable: sl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2343	error	Uninitialized variable: gl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2397	error	Uninitialized variable: gl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2524	error	Uninitialized variable: gl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2600	error	Uninitialized variable: olitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2632	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2866	error	Uninitialized variable: slitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2945	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	3040	error	Uninitialized variable: lcs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	3040	error	Uninitialized variable: lce
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	3066	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	3472	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	3512	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	3534	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2886	error	Uninitialized variable: tlitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_clause.c	2996	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_collate.c	159	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_collate.c	370	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_collate.c	370	error	Uninitialized variable: r
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_collate.c	650	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_collate.c	866	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_collate.c	910	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	510	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	788	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	120	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	125	error	Uninitialized variable: rest
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	297	error	Uninitialized variable: lctlist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	372	error	Uninitialized variable: tlistitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	466	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	471	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	523	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	544	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	747	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	752	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	801	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_cte.c	820	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	392	style	The scope of the variable 'rte' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	3157	warning	The expression 'strcmp(*nodename,"-") != 0' is suspicious. It overlaps 'strcmp(*nodename,"+") == 0'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	448	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	1114	error	Uninitialized variable: telem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	1176	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	1452	error	Uninitialized variable: args
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	1685	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	1960	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2034	error	Uninitialized variable: element
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2195	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2215	error	Uninitialized variable: args
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2265	error	Uninitialized variable: args
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2377	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2406	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2832	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2832	error	Uninitialized variable: r
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2891	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	2941	error	Uninitialized variable: j
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	3013	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	3013	error	Uninitialized variable: r
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_expr.c	1431	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_func.c	180	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_func.c	1594	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_func.c	1657	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_func.c	1745	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_func.c	1827	error	Uninitialized variable: current_fargs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_node.c	324	error	Uninitialized variable: idx
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	465	style	The scope of the variable 'index' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1107	style	The scope of the variable 'pname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1421	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1423	style	The scope of the variable 'natts' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	159	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	200	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	248	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	274	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	349	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	394	error	Uninitialized variable: l1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	404	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	534	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	679	error	Uninitialized variable: c
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	767	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	847	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1347	error	Uninitialized variable: tlistitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1453	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1453	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1453	error	Uninitialized variable: lc3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1527	error	Uninitialized variable: col
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	1927	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2092	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2106	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2199	error	Uninitialized variable: tlistitem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2250	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2312	error	Uninitialized variable: l1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2313	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2314	error	Uninitialized variable: l3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2371	error	Uninitialized variable: colname
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2371	error	Uninitialized variable: aliasvar
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2443	error	Uninitialized variable: lct
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2444	error	Uninitialized variable: lcm
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2445	error	Uninitialized variable: lcc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2638	error	Uninitialized variable: name
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2638	error	Uninitialized variable: var
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2765	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	2976	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	3038	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	3058	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_relation.c	3338	error	Uninitialized variable: rtable
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	144	error	Uninitialized variable: o_target
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	234	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	303	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	333	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	708	error	Uninitialized variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	1013	error	Uninitialized variable: tl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	1253	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	1358	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	1502	error	Uninitialized variable: lname
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	1502	error	Uninitialized variable: lvar
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	1699	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_target.c	1720	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_type.c	357	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_type.c	427	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_type.c	479	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2404	style	The scope of the variable 'ckclist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3116	style	The scope of the variable 'seqlist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	1580	style	Variable 'keycoltype' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3792	style	Variable 'i' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3754	style	Variable 'j' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	279	error	Uninitialized variable: elements
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	398	error	Uninitialized variable: option
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	637	error	Uninitialized variable: clist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	1160	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	1202	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	1802	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	1860	error	Uninitialized variable: k
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2159	error	Uninitialized variable: columns
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2188	error	Uninitialized variable: inher
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2285	error	Uninitialized variable: columns
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2311	error	Uninitialized variable: inher
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2416	error	Uninitialized variable: ckclist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2446	error	Uninitialized variable: fkclist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2546	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2713	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	2981	error	Uninitialized variable: lcmd
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3123	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3274	error	Uninitialized variable: clist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3448	error	Uninitialized variable: elements
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3674	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3686	error	Uninitialized variable: cell2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3735	error	Uninitialized variable: cell1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3735	error	Uninitialized variable: cell2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3815	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/parser/parse_utilcmd.c	3203	error	Uninitialized variable: l
scan.c	11143	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	351	style	The scope of the variable 'prev_modulus' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	944	style	The scope of the variable 'mid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	988	style	The scope of the variable 'mid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1033	style	The scope of the variable 'mid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1075	style	The scope of the variable 'mid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1394	style	The scope of the variable 'cell' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1605	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	2008	style	The scope of the variable 'nulltest' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	434	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	783	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1258	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1469	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1721	error	Uninitialized variable: cell1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	1721	error	Uninitialized variable: cell2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partbounds.c	636	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	3143	style	Variable 'result' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	1155	style	The scope of the variable 'need_next_less' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	1156	style	The scope of the variable 'need_next_eq' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	1157	style	The scope of the variable 'need_next_greater' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	1401	style	The scope of the variable 'pc_steps' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2160	style	The scope of the variable 'isnull' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2161	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2163	style	The scope of the variable 'greatest_modulus' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2602	style	Array index 'minoff' is used before limits check.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	227	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	343	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	641	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	752	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	791	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	888	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	1321	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	1902	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2041	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2098	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2930	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	2940	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/partitioning/partprune.c	1438	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/posix_sema.c	47	style	union member 'SemTPadded::pad' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/posix_sema.c	231	style	Unused variable: i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/posix_sema.c	87	style	The scope of the variable 'semKey' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/sysv_sema.c	43	style	union member 'semun::buf' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/sysv_sema.c	44	style	union member 'semun::array' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/win32/crashdump.c	118	style	Variable 'hDll' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/win32/signal.c	186	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/port/win32/socket.c	448	style	The scope of the variable 'r' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	2643	style	Variable 'cur_relname' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	2644	style	Variable 'cur_nspname' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	2645	style	Variable 'cur_datname' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	980	style	The scope of the variable 'db' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	3150	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	997	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	1213	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	1260	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	1360	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	1813	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	2215	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	2367	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/autovacuum.c	1024	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/bgworker.c	1099	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/bgworker.c	1141	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/bgworker.c	181	error	Uninitialized variable: siter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/bgworker.c	222	error	Uninitialized variable: siter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/bgworker.c	497	error	Uninitialized variable: siter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/bgworker.c	519	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/fork_process.c	34	style	The scope of the variable 'oomfilename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/pgstat.c	5732	style	The scope of the variable 'tabentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/pgstat.c	6227	style	The scope of the variable 'funcentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	2272	style	The scope of the variable 'bp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	3283	style	The scope of the variable 'bp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	3541	style	The scope of the variable 'activity_buffer' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	5941	style	The scope of the variable 'bp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	4044	error	Memory pointed to by 'bn' is freed twice.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	1032	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	1568	error	Uninitialized variable: siter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	2289	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	3101	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	3231	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	3303	error	Uninitialized variable: siter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	3893	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	5250	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	5841	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/postmaster.c	5943	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/syslogger.c	1031	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/postmaster/syslogger.c	907	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regc_color.c	123	style	The scope of the variable 'colnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regc_color.c	1099	style	The scope of the variable 'rowptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regc_nfa.c	1286	style	Variable 'stop->tmp' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regc_nfa.c	1224	style	The scope of the variable 'to' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regc_nfa.c	2845	style	The scope of the variable 'first' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regcomp.c	655	style	The scope of the variable 'left' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regcomp.c	656	style	The scope of the variable 'right' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/rege_dfa.c	443	warning	Either the condition 'cnfa!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: cnfa.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/rege_dfa.c	444	warning	Either the condition 'cnfa!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: cnfa.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/rege_dfa.c	751	style	The scope of the variable 'end' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/rege_dfa.c	876	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regexec.c	924	warning	Either the condition 't!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: t.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regexec.c	930	warning	Either the condition 't!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: t.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regexec.c	931	warning	Either the condition 't!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: t.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/regex/regexec.c	1005	style	The scope of the variable 'd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	234	style	Variable 'tblspc_map_file' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	1324	style	The scope of the variable 'f' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	1374	style	The scope of the variable 'segmentpath' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	431	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	648	error	Uninitialized variable: lopt
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	819	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	1265	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/basebackup.c	302	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/libpqwalreceiver/libpqwalreceiver.c	231	style	Variable 'opts' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/libpqwalreceiver/libpqwalreceiver.c	303	style	Variable 'ret' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/libpqwalreceiver/libpqwalreceiver.c	998	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/decode.c	904	style	The scope of the variable 'datalen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/launcher.c	187	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/launcher.c	878	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/launcher.c	1010	style	The scope of the variable 'sublist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/launcher.c	1011	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/launcher.c	884	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/launcher.c	1035	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/logicalfuncs.c	139	style	The scope of the variable 'ctx' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/origin.c	1434	style	Variable 'remote_lsn' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	3281	style	The scope of the variable 'readBytes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	965	error	Uninitialized variable: cur_txn_i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	1196	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	1297	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	1386	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	1894	error	Uninitialized variable: it
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	2266	error	Uninitialized variable: subtxn_i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	2531	error	Uninitialized variable: cleanup_iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	3105	error	Uninitialized variable: it
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	3195	error	Uninitialized variable: it
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	3463	error	Uninitialized variable: file
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/reorderbuffer.c	666	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/snapbuild.c	814	style	The scope of the variable 'txn' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/snapbuild.c	821	error	Uninitialized variable: txn_i
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/tablesync.c	162	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/tablesync.c	163	style	The scope of the variable 'state' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/tablesync.c	220	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/tablesync.c	355	style	The scope of the variable 'rstate' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/tablesync.c	597	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/tablesync.c	409	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/tablesync.c	369	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/worker.c	915	style	Variable 'remote_relids' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/worker.c	1587	style	The scope of the variable 'originname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/worker.c	917	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/logical/worker.c	1034	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/pgoutput/pgoutput.c	97	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/pgoutput/pgoutput.c	460	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/pgoutput/pgoutput.c	568	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:358  *	870	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:1906  *	6	style	The scope of the variable 'tok' can be reduced.
* yacc.c:358  *	737	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
repl_scanner.c	1430	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
repl_scanner.c	1430	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'YY_NEED_STRLEN'.
repl_scanner.c	1430	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'YY_STDINIT'.
repl_scanner.c	1430	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '__GNUC__'.
repl_scanner.c	1430	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '__STDC_VERSION__'.
repl_scanner.c	1430	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '__ia64__'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/slotfuncs.c	357	style	The scope of the variable 'ctx' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/syncrep.c	1004	style	Variable 'proc' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/syncrep.c	149	style	The scope of the variable 'old_status' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/syncrep.c	582	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/syncrep.c	624	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/syncrep.c	1107	style	Variable 'proc' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
* yacc.c:358  *	818	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:1906  *	12	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:358  *	685	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
syncrep_scanner.c	1443	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
syncrep_scanner.c	1444	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
syncrep_scanner.c	1455	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/walreceiver.c	890	style	The scope of the variable 'replyRequested' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/walreceiver.c	953	style	The scope of the variable 'startoff' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/walreceiver.c	954	style	The scope of the variable 'byteswritten' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/walsender.c	1283	style	The scope of the variable 'wakeEvents' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/walsender.c	1596	style	The scope of the variable 'r' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/walsender.c	3012	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/replication/walsender.c	795	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteDefine.c	71	style	The scope of the variable 'replaces' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteDefine.c	285	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteDefine.c	659	error	Uninitialized variable: tllist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteDefine.c	806	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1949	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	3550	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	638	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1316	style	The scope of the variable 'tle' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1735	style	The scope of the variable 'locks' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1737	style	The scope of the variable 'rule' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1738	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	3289	style	The scope of the variable 'updatableview' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	146	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	422	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	529	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	534	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	642	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	749	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1194	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1199	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1239	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1246	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1246	error	Uninitialized variable: lc3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1859	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	1840	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	2076	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	2124	error	Uninitialized variable: r
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	2380	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	2447	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	2689	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	3299	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	3334	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	3525	error	Uninitialized variable: n
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteHandler.c	3708	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteManip.c	457	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rewriteManip.c	642	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rowsecurity.c	584	style	The scope of the variable 'rowsec_expr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rowsecurity.c	619	style	The scope of the variable 'qual' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rowsecurity.c	748	style	The scope of the variable 'wco' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rowsecurity.c	412	error	Uninitialized variable: item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rowsecurity.c	530	error	Uninitialized variable: item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rowsecurity.c	590	error	Uninitialized variable: item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/rewrite/rowsecurity.c	693	error	Uninitialized variable: item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/dict_snowball.c	191	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_ISO_8859_1_french.c	952	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_ISO_8859_1_italian.c	930	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_ISO_8859_1_portuguese.c	829	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_ISO_8859_1_swedish.c	230	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_ISO_8859_2_romanian.c	771	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_UTF_8_french.c	960	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_UTF_8_italian.c	938	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_UTF_8_portuguese.c	835	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_UTF_8_romanian.c	777	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/stem_UTF_8_swedish.c	232	style	The scope of the variable 'among_var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/snowball/libstemmer/utilities.c	14	error	Memory leak: mem
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/statistics/dependencies.c	1042	style	The scope of the variable 'clause' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/statistics/dependencies.c	974	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/statistics/extended_stats.c	85	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/statistics/extended_stats.c	117	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/statistics/extended_stats.c	446	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/statistics/extended_stats.c	479	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/buffer/bufmgr.c	1966	style	Variable 'bufHdr' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/buffer/bufmgr.c	1518	style	The scope of the variable 'bufHdr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/buffer/bufmgr.c	3249	style	The scope of the variable 'bufHdr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/buffer/bufmgr.c	4246	style	The scope of the variable 'pending' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/buffer/localbuf.c	328	style	The scope of the variable 'hresult' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/buffer/localbuf.c	374	style	The scope of the variable 'hresult' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/file/buffile.c	463	style	The scope of the variable 'bytestowrite' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/file/buffile.c	548	style	The scope of the variable 'nthistime' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/file/buffile.c	595	style	The scope of the variable 'nthistime' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/file/fd.c	1270	style	The scope of the variable 'returnValue' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/file/reinit.c	153	style	The scope of the variable 'rm_path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/dsm.c	971	style	The scope of the variable 'seg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/dsm.c	571	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/dsm.c	973	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/dsm.c	1044	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/dsm.c	1066	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/latch.c	1529	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/latch.c	1452	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/procarray.c	1523	style	The scope of the variable 'index' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/procarray.c	2187	style	The scope of the variable 'index' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/sinvaladt.c	452	style	The scope of the variable 'numMsgs' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/ipc/standby.c	694	style	The scope of the variable 'entry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/large_object/inv_api.c	804	style	The scope of the variable 'replace' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/deadlock.c	547	style	The scope of the variable 'pgxact' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/deadlock.c	881	style	The scope of the variable 'jj' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/deadlock.c	522	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lmgr.c	825	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lock.c	3637	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lock.c	3688	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lock.c	3912	style	The scope of the variable 'procLocks' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lock.c	3956	style	The scope of the variable 'lock' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	430	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	431	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	889	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	1045	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	1691	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	286	warning	%u in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	286	warning	%u in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	286	warning	%u in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	286	warning	%u in format string (no. 7) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/lwlock.c	286	warning	%u in format string (no. 8) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/predicate.c	1668	style	The scope of the variable 'othersxact' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/predicate.c	2210	style	The scope of the variable 'parentlock' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/predicate.c	2565	style	The scope of the variable 'predlocktargetlink' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/predicate.c	2960	style	The scope of the variable 'newpredlock' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/lmgr/proc.c	1053	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/page/bufpage.c	846	style	The scope of the variable 'offset' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/storage/smgr/md.c	896	style	Variable 'v' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/postgres.c	3233	style	Condition 'stack_rlimit>0' is always false
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/postgres.c	3634	style	The scope of the variable 'firstchar' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/postgres.c	858	error	Uninitialized variable: query_list
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/postgres.c	974	error	Uninitialized variable: parsetree_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/postgres.c	2105	error	Uninitialized variable: stmt_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/postgres.c	2181	error	Uninitialized variable: parsetree_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/pquery.c	453	style	The scope of the variable 'myeflags' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/pquery.c	290	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/pquery.c	1232	error	Uninitialized variable: stmtlist_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	1331	style	Variable 'inheritors' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	951	style	The scope of the variable 'commandCollected' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	1089	style	The scope of the variable 'stmts' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	1090	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	422	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	993	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	1113	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	1332	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tcop/utility.c	3210	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/dict_ispell.c	43	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/dict_simple.c	40	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/dict_synonym.c	107	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/dict_thesaurus.c	827	style	The scope of the variable 'basevar' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/dict_thesaurus.c	615	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/regis.c	185	style	The scope of the variable 'plen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/spell.c	603	style	The scope of the variable 'StopHigh' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/spell.c	1062	style	The scope of the variable 'clen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/spell.c	1117	style	The scope of the variable 'found' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/spell.c	1705	style	The scope of the variable 'naffix' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/spell.c	2001	style	The scope of the variable 'StopHigh' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/spell.c	2288	style	The scope of the variable 'affbegin' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/spell.c	2353	style	The scope of the variable 'lenaff' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/to_tsany.c	670	style	Variable 'query' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/ts_selfuncs.c	73	style	Variable 'operator' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	460	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	461	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	462	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	463	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	464	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	465	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	466	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	467	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	468	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	482	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	483	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	489	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	495	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: prs
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	2301	style	The scope of the variable 'bestlen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	2302	style	The scope of the variable 'pose' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	2303	style	The scope of the variable 'posb' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	2304	style	The scope of the variable 'poslen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	2305	style	The scope of the variable 'curlen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/tsearch/wparser_def.c	2457	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	989	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: new_aip
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	990	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: new_aip
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	244	style	The scope of the variable 'name2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	1058	style	The scope of the variable 'src_aip' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	1062	style	The scope of the variable 'src' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	1063	style	The scope of the variable 'targ' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	4772	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	4855	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	5039	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/acl.c	5151	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_expanded.c	403	style	The scope of the variable 'eah' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_selfuncs.c	1137	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_selfuncs.c	1138	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_typanalyze.c	325	style	Variable 'null_cnt' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_typanalyze.c	666	style	Variable 'slot_idx' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_userfuncs.c	107	style	The scope of the variable 'dimv' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_userfuncs.c	108	style	The scope of the variable 'lb' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_userfuncs.c	644	style	The scope of the variable 'typentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/array_userfuncs.c	793	style	The scope of the variable 'typentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	2039	style	The scope of the variable 'array' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	3588	style	The scope of the variable 'nitems' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	3590	style	The scope of the variable 'typlen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	3591	style	The scope of the variable 'typbyval' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	3592	style	The scope of the variable 'typalign' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	3595	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	4695	style	The scope of the variable 'srcbitval' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	4842	style	The scope of the variable 'inc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	5261	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/arrayfuncs.c	6141	style	The scope of the variable 'oprresult' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/date.c	136	error	Uninitialized variable: dtype
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/date.c	2046	error	Uninitialized variable: tz
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/date.c	1232	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/date.c	1317	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/date.c	2023	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/date.c	2079	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/datetime.c	3805	style	The scope of the variable 'result' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/dbsize.c	926	style	Variable 'heaprel' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/dbsize.c	362	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/dbsize.c	428	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/domains.c	139	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/encode.c	270	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/float.c	171	style	Same expression on both sides of '/'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/float.c	183	style	Same expression on both sides of '/'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/formatting.c	1756	style	The scope of the variable 'wasalnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/formatting.c	3638	style	The scope of the variable 'format' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/formatting.c	4126	style	The scope of the variable 'num' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/formatting.c	4507	style	The scope of the variable 'end' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	356	style	The scope of the variable 'x' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	357	style	The scope of the variable 'y' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	396	style	The scope of the variable 'x' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	397	style	The scope of the variable 'y' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	1288	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	2371	style	The scope of the variable 'tmpdist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3195	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3196	style	The scope of the variable 'n' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3197	style	The scope of the variable 'a' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3198	style	The scope of the variable 'b' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3378	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3379	style	The scope of the variable 'x1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3380	style	The scope of the variable 'y1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3381	style	The scope of the variable 'x2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3382	style	The scope of the variable 'y2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	5160	style	The scope of the variable 'angle' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	5266	style	The scope of the variable 'x' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	5267	style	The scope of the variable 'y' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	5319	style	The scope of the variable 'z' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	5320	style	The scope of the variable 'y_sign' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	2970	style	Variable 'dist' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3095	style	Variable 'dist' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	943	error	Uninitialized variable: lseg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	2547	style	Variable 'line' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	2548	style	Variable 'box' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3109	style	Variable 'line' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	3110	style	Variable 'box' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	4005	style	Variable 'polya' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	4006	style	Variable 'polyb' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/geo_ops.c	4359	style	Variable 'path' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/inet_cidr_ntop.c	139	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/inet_cidr_ntop.c	284	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/json.c	2186	style	Variable 'nargs' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/json.c	2298	style	The scope of the variable 'v' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/json.c	2393	style	The scope of the variable 'v' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/jsonb.c	125	error	Uninitialized variable: str
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/jsonb.c	125	error	Uninitialized variable: nbytes
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/jsonb_op.c	39	style	Variable 'v' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/jsonfuncs.c	3086	warning	Either the condition 'hashentry!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: hashentry.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/jsonfuncs.c	5181	style	Variable 'is_scalar' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/like_match.c	256	style	The scope of the variable 'afterescape' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	71	warning	%x in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	71	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	71	warning	%x in format string (no. 3) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	71	warning	%x in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	71	warning	%x in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	71	warning	%x in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	74	warning	%x in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	74	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	74	warning	%x in format string (no. 3) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	74	warning	%x in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	74	warning	%x in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	74	warning	%x in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	77	warning	%x in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	77	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	77	warning	%x in format string (no. 3) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	77	warning	%x in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	77	warning	%x in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	77	warning	%x in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	80	warning	%x in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	80	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	80	warning	%x in format string (no. 3) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	80	warning	%x in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	80	warning	%x in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	80	warning	%x in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	83	warning	%x in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	83	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	83	warning	%x in format string (no. 3) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	83	warning	%x in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	83	warning	%x in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	83	warning	%x in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	86	warning	%x in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	86	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	86	warning	%x in format string (no. 3) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	86	warning	%x in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	86	warning	%x in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	86	warning	%x in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	89	warning	%x in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	89	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	89	warning	%x in format string (no. 3) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	89	warning	%x in format string (no. 4) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	89	warning	%x in format string (no. 5) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac.c	89	warning	%x in format string (no. 6) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/mac8.c	61	warning	Function 'hex2_to_uchar' argument order different: declaration 'str, ptr' definition 'ptr, str'
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/misc.c	920	style	The scope of the variable 'log_filepath' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/misc.c	922	style	The scope of the variable 'nlpos' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/misc.c	486	style	Unused variable: sourcepath
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/misc.c	487	style	Unused variable: targetpath
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/misc.c	488	style	Unused variable: rllen
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/nabstime.c	735	style	The scope of the variable 'p' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/nabstime.c	218	error	Uninitialized variable: dtype
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/name.c	304	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/network.c	104	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/network.c	610	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/network_gist.c	626	style	The scope of the variable 'commonbits' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/network_selfuncs.c	614	style	The scope of the variable 'right_order' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	761	style	The scope of the variable 'last' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	6190	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	7060	style	The scope of the variable 'borrow' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	7062	style	The scope of the variable 'divisor2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	7067	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	8345	style	The scope of the variable 'local_rscale' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	8775	style	The scope of the variable 'ndigits' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	8776	style	The scope of the variable 'carry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	8880	style	The scope of the variable 'ndigits' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	988	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	990	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	2161	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	2163	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	2261	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	2341	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	5792	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	5818	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	6166	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	807	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/numeric.c	5493	style	Clarify calculation precedence for '&' and '?'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/oracle_compat.c	376	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/oracle_compat.c	736	style	The scope of the variable 'source_len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/oracle_compat.c	737	style	The scope of the variable 'from_index' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/orderedsetaggs.c	532	style	The scope of the variable 'proportion' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/orderedsetaggs.c	185	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/pg_locale.c	773	style	Checking if unsigned variable 'strftime(buf,80,format,tm)' is less than zero.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/pg_locale.c	1627	style	Checking if unsigned variable 'result' is less than zero.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/pgstatfuncs.c	587	style	The scope of the variable 'proc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes.c	1571	style	The scope of the variable 'cmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes.c	1681	style	Variable 'ptr' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes_selfuncs.c	231	style	The scope of the variable 'hist_selec' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes_selfuncs.c	623	style	The scope of the variable 'cmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes_selfuncs.c	624	style	The scope of the variable 'middle' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes_selfuncs.c	652	style	The scope of the variable 'middle' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes_typanalyze.c	108	style	The scope of the variable 'num_hist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rangetypes_typanalyze.c	340	style	Variable 'slot_idx' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/regexp.c	146	style	The scope of the variable 'errMsg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/regexp.c	270	style	The scope of the variable 'errMsg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/regexp.c	665	style	The scope of the variable 'esc_text' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/regproc.c	766	style	The scope of the variable 'nspname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/regproc.c	1741	style	The scope of the variable 'typename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/regproc.c	1744	style	The scope of the variable 'paren_count' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/regproc.c	1707	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ri_triggers.c	261	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ri_triggers.c	513	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ri_triggers.c	883	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ri_triggers.c	1044	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ri_triggers.c	1045	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ri_triggers.c	1267	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ri_triggers.c	2505	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/rowtypes.c	1127	style	The scope of the variable 'oprresult' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3685	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	4892	style	The scope of the variable 'query' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5197	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5965	style	The scope of the variable 'sep' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5966	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8511	style	The scope of the variable 'arg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8512	style	The scope of the variable 'narg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8513	style	The scope of the variable 'con' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10405	style	The scope of the variable 'opcname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10406	style	The scope of the variable 'nspname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	928	style	Variable 'findx' is modified but its new value is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9747	style	Variable 'first' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	2700	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3369	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3374	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3533	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3533	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3566	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3566	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3606	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3627	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3759	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	3873	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	4284	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	4413	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	4471	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	4514	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	4895	error	Uninitialized variable: action
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5087	error	Uninitialized variable: vtl
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5099	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5141	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5153	error	Uninitialized variable: col
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5317	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5347	error	Uninitialized variable: lcn
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5401	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5505	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5878	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5935	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	5981	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	6086	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	6356	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	6378	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	7127	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	7248	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	7264	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	7281	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	7292	error	Uninitialized variable: lc3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	7292	error	Uninitialized variable: lc4
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8041	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8229	error	Uninitialized variable: temp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8337	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8385	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	8918	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9135	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9235	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9303	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9638	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9739	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9739	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9784	error	Uninitialized variable: l1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	9855	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10007	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10214	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10319	error	Uninitialized variable: l1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10320	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10321	error	Uninitialized variable: l3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10374	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10527	error	Uninitialized variable: uplist_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10694	error	Uninitialized variable: nslist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	10699	error	Uninitialized variable: ctlist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/ruleutils.c	11205	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	646	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	5326	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6995	style	The scope of the variable 'op_strategy' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	3454	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	3530	error	Uninitialized variable: l2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	3921	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	4877	error	Uninitialized variable: ilist
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	5467	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6559	error	Uninitialized variable: lcc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6559	error	Uninitialized variable: lci
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6652	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6677	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6737	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6928	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	6989	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	7815	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	7852	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	8073	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c	2072	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tid.c	267	style	The scope of the variable 'rewrite' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tid.c	304	style	The scope of the variable 'rte' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/timestamp.c	3917	style	The scope of the variable 'redotz' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/timestamp.c	4619	style	The scope of the variable 'dummy' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/timestamp.c	170	error	Uninitialized variable: dtype
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/timestamp.c	410	error	Uninitialized variable: dtype
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/timestamp.c	245	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/timestamp.c	794	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/timestamp.c	985	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsginidx.c	47	style	Variable 'strategy' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsginidx.c	48	style	Variable 'extra_data' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsgistidx.c	518	style	The scope of the variable 'diff' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsquery.c	986	style	The scope of the variable 'clen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsquery.c	892	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsquery_util.c	117	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	92	style	The scope of the variable 'difference' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	211	style	The scope of the variable 'firstentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	287	style	The scope of the variable 'firstentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	306	style	The scope of the variable 'resj' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	307	style	The scope of the variable 'wjm' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	362	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	850	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsrank.c	858	style	The scope of the variable 'CurExtPos' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector.c	318	style	The scope of the variable 'curbegin' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	1260	warning	Either the condition 'data' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: data.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	1261	warning	Either the condition 'data' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: data.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	1262	warning	Either the condition 'data' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: data.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	208	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	272	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	398	style	The scope of the variable 'StopMiddle' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	399	style	The scope of the variable 'cmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	671	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	765	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	944	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/tsvector_op.c	1317	style	The scope of the variable 'difference' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/txid.c	212	style	The scope of the variable 'nxip' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/txid.c	213	style	The scope of the variable 'idx1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/txid.c	214	style	The scope of the variable 'idx2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	129	style	The scope of the variable 'bc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	445	style	The scope of the variable 'bc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	800	style	The scope of the variable 'bitlen1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	802	style	The scope of the variable 'bitlen2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1037	style	The scope of the variable 'rbitlen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1039	style	The scope of the variable 'ipad' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1040	style	The scope of the variable 'ishift' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1041	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1042	style	The scope of the variable 'e' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1046	style	The scope of the variable 'r' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1047	style	The scope of the variable 'ps' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1384	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	1449	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	119	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	300	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	435	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varbit.c	616	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varchar.c	276	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varchar.c	601	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varchar.c	197	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varchar.c	230	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varchar.c	491	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varchar.c	524	style	Variable 'typelem' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varlena.c	415	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: rp
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varlena.c	4326	style	The scope of the variable 'fldsep_len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varlena.c	4359	style	The scope of the variable 'end_posn' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varlena.c	4608	style	The scope of the variable 'value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varlena.c	5114	style	The scope of the variable 'arr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/varlena.c	3253	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	2730	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	2817	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	2905	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	2957	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	3246	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	3391	error	Uninitialized variable: cell0
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	3179	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	636	style	The scope of the variable 'narg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	670	style	The scope of the variable 'str' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	3849	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	520	error	Uninitialized variable: v
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	650	error	Uninitialized variable: arg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/adt/xml.c	698	error	Uninitialized variable: narg
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	584	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	664	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	711	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	741	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	894	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	1264	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	1575	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	2063	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	1739	error	Uninitialized variable: ctlist_item
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/catcache.c	420	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/lsyscache.c	1235	style	The scope of the variable 'typentry' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/lsyscache.c	2946	style	The scope of the variable 'narrayelem' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/partcache.c	293	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/partcache.c	400	error	Uninitialized variable: c
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	982	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1077	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1466	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1485	error	Uninitialized variable: lc1
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1508	error	Uninitialized variable: lc2
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1555	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1588	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1746	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1796	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1826	error	Uninitialized variable: lc3
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/plancache.c	1892	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	989	warning	Either the condition 'rsdesc1!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: rsdesc1.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	989	warning	Either the condition 'rsdesc2!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: rsdesc2.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	888	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	933	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	934	style	The scope of the variable 'r1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	935	style	The scope of the variable 'r2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	1013	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	2987	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	4546	style	The scope of the variable 'ilist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	4574	style	The scope of the variable 'ilist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	4595	style	The scope of the variable 'ilist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	993	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	993	error	Uninitialized variable: rc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	2753	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	5212	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	6029	error	Uninitialized variable: indexoidscan
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/relcache.c	4908	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/cache/typcache.c	1161	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/error/elog.c	239	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/error/elog.c	1865	style	The scope of the variable 'fd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/error/elog.c	1866	style	The scope of the variable 'istty' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	858	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	944	style	The scope of the variable 'arr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	945	style	The scope of the variable 'nelems' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	1080	style	The scope of the variable 'arr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	1081	style	The scope of the variable 'numargs' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	1082	style	The scope of the variable 'argmodes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	1084	style	The scope of the variable 'numoutargs' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/fmgr/funcapi.c	1086	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/hash/dynahash.c	1457	warning	Either the condition '(curElem=segp[segment_ndx])==NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: curElem.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/hash/dynahash.c	642	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/hash/dynahash.c	1337	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/init/miscinit.c	1233	style	The scope of the variable 'buffer' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/init/miscinit.c	841	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/init/miscinit.c	1212	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/init/miscinit.c	1560	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conv.c	37	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conv.c	74	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conv.c	102	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conv.c	145	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conv.c	165	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conv.c	200	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conv.c	248	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc2004_sjis2004/euc2004_sjis2004.c	70	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc2004_sjis2004/euc2004_sjis2004.c	218	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_cn_and_mic/euc_cn_and_mic.c	71	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_cn_and_mic/euc_cn_and_mic.c	104	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	147	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	275	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	317	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	318	style	The scope of the variable 'k2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	367	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	417	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	469	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	513	style	The scope of the variable 'k2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_jp_and_sjis/euc_jp_and_sjis.c	562	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_kr_and_mic/euc_kr_and_mic.c	71	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_kr_and_mic/euc_kr_and_mic.c	108	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_tw_and_big5/euc_tw_and_big5.c	143	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_tw_and_big5/euc_tw_and_big5.c	199	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_tw_and_big5/euc_tw_and_big5.c	255	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/euc_tw_and_big5/euc_tw_and_big5.c	305	style	The scope of the variable 'c1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/utf8_and_iso8859_1/utf8_and_iso8859_1.c	40	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/conversion_procs/utf8_and_iso8859_1/utf8_and_iso8859_1.c	70	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/encnames.c	557	style	The scope of the variable 'result' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/iso.c	29	warning	%x in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/mbutils.c	106	style	The scope of the variable 'lc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/mbutils.c	835	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/mbutils.c	866	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/mbutils.c	181	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/wchar.c	587	style	The scope of the variable 'mid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/wchar.c	1187	style	The scope of the variable 'c2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/wchar.c	1269	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mb/wchar.c	1293	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
guc-file.c	1442	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
guc-file.c	1443	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
guc-file.c	1454	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
guc-file.l	523	style	The scope of the variable 'abs_path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/misc/queryenvironment.c	105	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/misc/tzparser.c	283	style	The scope of the variable 'line' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/aset.c	189	error	failed to evaluate #if condition, division/modulo by zero
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/dsa.c	604	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/dsa.c	669	style	The scope of the variable 'segment_map' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/dsa.c	1439	style	The scope of the variable 'object' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/dsa.c	1440	style	The scope of the variable 'size' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/dsa.c	1561	style	The scope of the variable 'prevspan' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/dsa.c	2262	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/generation.c	118	error	failed to evaluate #if condition, division/modulo by zero
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/portalmem.c	155	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/slab.c	297	error	Uninitialized variable: miter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/slab.c	649	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/slab.c	709	style	The scope of the variable 'nfree' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/mmgr/slab.c	713	error	Uninitialized variable: iter
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/logtape.c	518	style	The scope of the variable 'lt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/logtape.c	590	style	The scope of the variable 'lt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/logtape.c	629	style	The scope of the variable 'nthistime' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/logtape.c	831	style	The scope of the variable 'nthistime' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/sharedtuplestore.c	531	style	The scope of the variable 'eof' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/tuplesort.c	2564	style	The scope of the variable 'svTape' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/tuplesort.c	2565	style	The scope of the variable 'svRuns' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/tuplesort.c	2566	style	The scope of the variable 'svDummy' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/tuplesort.c	2791	style	The scope of the variable 'srcTape' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/sort/tuplestore.c	455	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/backend/utils/time/snapmgr.c	1096	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/findtimezone.c	224	style	The scope of the variable 'systm' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/findtimezone.c	225	style	The scope of the variable 'pgtm' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/initdb.c	1454	warning	%u in format string (no. 2) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/initdb.c	696	style	The scope of the variable 'enc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/initdb.c	763	style	The scope of the variable 'ptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/initdb.c	985	style	The scope of the variable 'test_conns' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/initdb.c	1509	style	The scope of the variable 'pwd2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/initdb.c	2479	style	The scope of the variable 'pgdata_get_env' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/initdb/initdb.c	1311	style	Condition 'err!=0' is always false
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_archivecleanup/pg_archivecleanup.c	97	style	The scope of the variable 'rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_archivecleanup/pg_archivecleanup.c	99	style	The scope of the variable 'xlde' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_archivecleanup/pg_archivecleanup.c	100	style	The scope of the variable 'walfile' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/pg_basebackup.c	553	style	The scope of the variable 'statusdir' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/pg_basebackup.c	1421	style	Variable 'filemode' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/receivelog.c	95	style	The scope of the variable 'size' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/streamutil.c	393	warning	%o in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int *' but the argument type is 'signed int *'.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/streamutil.c	320	warning	sscanf() without field width limits can crash with huge input data.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/walmethods.c	199	warning	Either the condition 'f!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: df.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/walmethods.c	229	warning	Either the condition 'f!=NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: df.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/walmethods.c	219	style	The scope of the variable 'tmppath' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/walmethods.c	220	style	The scope of the variable 'tmppath2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_basebackup/walmethods.c	483	style	The scope of the variable 'r' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_ctl/pg_ctl.c	782	style	The scope of the variable 'old_pid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_ctl/pg_ctl.c	864	style	The scope of the variable 'cnt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_ctl/pg_ctl.c	951	style	The scope of the variable 'cnt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_ctl/pg_ctl.c	1229	style	The scope of the variable 'curr_line' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_ctl/pg_ctl.c	2158	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/common.c	1036	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/common.c	1091	style	The scope of the variable 's' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/dumputils.c	1040	style	The scope of the variable 'nameptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/parallel.c	564	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/parallel.c	565	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/parallel.c	1363	style	The scope of the variable 'command' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/parallel.c	1695	style	The scope of the variable 'ret' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/parallel.c	447	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/parallel.c	650	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/parallel.c	651	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	2161	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: fh
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	1930	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	2026	style	The scope of the variable 'bv' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	2723	style	The scope of the variable 'encoding' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	3770	style	The scope of the variable 'tmpMag' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	3771	style	The scope of the variable 'fmt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	4044	style	The scope of the variable 'next_work_item' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_archiver.c	4295	style	The scope of the variable 'k' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_custom.c	568	style	The scope of the variable 'cnt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_custom.c	864	style	The scope of the variable 'byt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_db.c	41	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_db.c	344	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_directory.c	240	style	The scope of the variable 'fn' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_directory.c	739	style	Variable 'ctx' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_directory.c	460	warning	sscanf() without field width limits can crash with huge input data.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	260	style	The scope of the variable 'fn' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	677	style	The scope of the variable 'pos1' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	842	style	The scope of the variable 'ropt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	843	style	The scope of the variable 'savRopt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	844	style	The scope of the variable 'savDopt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	845	style	The scope of the variable 'savVerbose' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	846	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	1092	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	1151	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	1152	style	The scope of the variable 'blks' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	1153	style	The scope of the variable 'id' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	597	style	Checking if unsigned variable 'len' is less than zero.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_backup_tar.c	338	style	The scope of the variable 'fmode' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	901	style	Condition 'compressLevel==-1' is always false
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	1251	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	1298	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	1904	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	1906	style	The scope of the variable 'nfields' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	2107	style	The scope of the variable 'copyFrom' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	3172	style	The scope of the variable 'bdata' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	3366	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	11989	style	The scope of the variable 'nameptr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12720	style	The scope of the variable 'amopstrategy' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12721	style	The scope of the variable 'amopreqcheck' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12722	style	The scope of the variable 'amopopr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12723	style	The scope of the variable 'sortfamily' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12724	style	The scope of the variable 'sortfamilynsp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12725	style	The scope of the variable 'amprocnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12726	style	The scope of the variable 'amproc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12727	style	The scope of the variable 'amproclefttype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	12728	style	The scope of the variable 'amprocrighttype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13071	style	The scope of the variable 'ntups' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13073	style	The scope of the variable 'i_amopstrategy' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13074	style	The scope of the variable 'i_amopreqcheck' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13075	style	The scope of the variable 'i_amopopr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13076	style	The scope of the variable 'i_sortfamily' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13077	style	The scope of the variable 'i_sortfamilynsp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13078	style	The scope of the variable 'i_amprocnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13079	style	The scope of the variable 'i_amproc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13080	style	The scope of the variable 'i_amproclefttype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13081	style	The scope of the variable 'i_amprocrighttype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13083	style	The scope of the variable 'amopstrategy' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13084	style	The scope of the variable 'amopreqcheck' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13085	style	The scope of the variable 'amopopr' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13086	style	The scope of the variable 'sortfamily' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13087	style	The scope of the variable 'sortfamilynsp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13088	style	The scope of the variable 'amprocnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13089	style	The scope of the variable 'amproc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13090	style	The scope of the variable 'amproclefttype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13091	style	The scope of the variable 'amprocrighttype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13092	style	The scope of the variable 'needComma' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13093	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	13567	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	14973	style	The scope of the variable 'colname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	15395	style	The scope of the variable 'numParents' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	15397	style	The scope of the variable 'actual_atts' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	15399	style	The scope of the variable 'storage' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	15400	style	The scope of the variable 'srvname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	15401	style	The scope of the variable 'ftoptions' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	15403	style	The scope of the variable 'k' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	16432	style	The scope of the variable 'k' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	17060	style	The scope of the variable 'p' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	17061	style	The scope of the variable 'findx' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	17351	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump.c	3849	style	Variable 'first' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_dump/pg_dump_sort.c	632	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_rewind/filemap.c	497	style	The scope of the variable 'filename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_rewind/filemap.c	769	style	The scope of the variable 'segpath' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_rewind/parsexlog.c	65	style	The scope of the variable 'record' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_test_fsync/pg_test_fsync.c	525	style	The scope of the variable 'tmpfile' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/check.c	400	style	The scope of the variable 'newdbinfo' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/controldata.c	61	style	The scope of the variable 'got_cluster_state' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/option.c	61	style	The scope of the variable 'fp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/option.c	170	style	Checking if unsigned variable 'old_cluster.port=atoi(optarg)' is less than zero.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/option.c	178	style	Checking if unsigned variable 'new_cluster.port=atoi(optarg)' is less than zero.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/parallel.c	73	style	The scope of the variable 'new_arg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/parallel.c	186	style	The scope of the variable 'new_arg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/pg_upgrade.c	580	style	The scope of the variable 'conn' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_upgrade/pg_upgrade.c	682	style	The scope of the variable 'dbnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_waldump/pg_waldump.c	570	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_waldump/pg_waldump.c	576	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_waldump/pg_waldump.c	600	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pg_waldump/pg_waldump.c	163	style	Variable 'fd' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
* yacc.c:358  *	778	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
exprscan.c	2316	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	848	style	The scope of the variable 'cell' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	887	style	The scope of the variable 't' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	888	style	The scope of the variable 'u' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	889	style	The scope of the variable 'v' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	1496	style	The scope of the variable 'name' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	2650	style	The scope of the variable 'var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	4830	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	5904	style	Variable 'sqlat' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/pgbench/pgbench.c	6054	style	The scope of the variable 'save_errno' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	485	style	The scope of the variable 'opt2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	486	style	The scope of the variable 'opt3' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	487	style	The scope of the variable 'opt4' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	1319	style	The scope of the variable 'len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	1860	style	The scope of the variable 'opt' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	3100	style	The scope of the variable 'cverbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	3333	style	The scope of the variable 'fnametmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/command.c	3337	style	The scope of the variable 'fd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	3183	style	Variable 'result' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	2599	style	The scope of the variable 'have_heading' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	2805	style	The scope of the variable 'have_heading' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	3233	style	The scope of the variable 'conns' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	5412	style	The scope of the variable 'tables' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	5413	style	The scope of the variable 'tabres' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	5417	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/describe.c	617	style	Variable 'needs_or' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/input.c	138	style	The scope of the variable 'prev_hist' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/input.c	352	style	The scope of the variable 'home' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/input.c	410	style	The scope of the variable 'errnum' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/large_obj.c	99	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/large_obj.c	122	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/large_obj.c	177	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/psql/mainloop.c	579	warning	Opposite inner 'if' condition leads to a dead code block.
psqlscanslash.c	1929	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
psqlscanslash.c	1929	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'YY_NEED_STRLEN'.
psqlscanslash.c	1929	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'YY_STDINIT'.
psqlscanslash.c	1929	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '__GNUC__'.
psqlscanslash.c	1929	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '__STDC_VERSION__'.
psqlscanslash.c	1929	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '__ia64__'.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/scripts/common.c	473	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/scripts/common.c	507	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/scripts/vacuumdb.c	561	style	The scope of the variable 'stage' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/bin/scripts/vacuumdb.c	905	style	The scope of the variable 'errbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/base64.c	100	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/exec.c	122	style	The scope of the variable 'test_path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/exec.c	513	style	The scope of the variable 'reason' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/exec.c	552	style	The scope of the variable 'path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/exec.c	554	style	The scope of the variable 'env_path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/exec.c	556	style	The scope of the variable 'dup_path' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/exec.c	672	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: ptdd
postgresql-11.0/src/common/pg_lzcompress.c	663	style	Variable 'ctrl_dummy' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/common/saslprep.c	1017	style	The scope of the variable 'l' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/fe_utils/mbprint.c	214	style	The scope of the variable 'w' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/fe_utils/mbprint.c	297	style	The scope of the variable 'w' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/fe_utils/print.c	2427	style	Condition '!opt_tuples_only' is always true
postgresql-11.0/src/fe_utils/print.c	925	style	The scope of the variable 'nbspace' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/fe_utils/print.c	1006	style	The scope of the variable 'bytes_to_output' can be reduced.
psqlscan.c	5375	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/compatlib/informix.c	973	style	Redundant condition: If 'EXPR == ' '', the comparison 'EXPR' is always true.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/compatlib/informix.c	202	style	The scope of the variable 'result' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/connect.c	595	style	Redundant condition: If 'EXPR == ' '', the comparison 'EXPR' is always true.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/connect.c	600	style	Redundant condition: If 'EXPR == ' '', the comparison 'EXPR' is always true.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/connect.c	398	warning	Either the condition 'if(dbname)' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: dbname.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/connect.c	425	warning	Either the condition 'if(dbname)' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: dbname.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/connect.c	280	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/connect.c	591	style	The scope of the variable 'a' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/data.c	416	portability	Casting between integer* and float* which have an incompatible binary data representation.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/data.c	419	portability	Casting between integer* and double* which have an incompatible binary data representation.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/data.c	97	style	Same expression on both sides of '/'.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	45	style	The scope of the variable 'length' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	46	style	The scope of the variable 'escaped_len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	47	style	The scope of the variable 'buffer_len' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	835	style	The scope of the variable 'slen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	836	style	The scope of the variable 'nval' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	899	style	The scope of the variable 'slen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	946	style	The scope of the variable 'slen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	993	style	The scope of the variable 'slen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	1490	style	The scope of the variable 'act_field' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/execute.c	2057	portability	Passing NULL after the last typed argument to a variadic function leads to undefined behaviour.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/misc.c	201	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/prepare.c	211	style	The scope of the variable 'query' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/ecpglib/prepare.c	323	style	The scope of the variable 'rotVal' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/pgtypeslib/datetime.c	210	style	The scope of the variable 'start_pattern' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/pgtypeslib/dt_common.c	653	style	Condition '!tp' is always true
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/pgtypeslib/dt_common.c	512	style	The scope of the variable 'result' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/pgtypeslib/dt_common.c	2378	style	The scope of the variable 'last_char' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/pgtypeslib/numeric.c	498	style	The scope of the variable 'stat' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/pgtypeslib/numeric.c	1418	style	The scope of the variable 'extract' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/preproc/ecpg.c	123	style	The scope of the variable 'fnr' can be reduced.
pgc.c	4647	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
pgc.c	4648	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
pgc.c	4659	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
pgc.l	814	style	The scope of the variable 'keyword' can be reduced.
pgc.l	895	style	The scope of the variable 'keyword' can be reduced.
pgc.l	1331	error	Common realloc mistake: 'literalbuf' nulled but not freed upon failure
pgc.l	1346	error	Common realloc mistake: 'literalbuf' nulled but not freed upon failure
* yacc.c:358  *	32370	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:358  *	32236	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/preproc/type.c	245	style	The scope of the variable 'var' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/preproc/variable.c	108	style	Consecutive return, break, continue, goto or throw statements are unnecessary.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/preproc/variable.c	197	style	The scope of the variable 'end' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/preproc/variable.c	199	style	The scope of the variable 'count' can be reduced.
dec_test.pgc	66	error	Common realloc mistake: 'decarr' nulled but not freed upon failure
dec_test.pgc	127	error	Common realloc mistake: 'decarr' nulled but not freed upon failure
describe.pgc	163	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
describe.pgc	163	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: '_ECPG_INFORMIX_H'.
rfmtdate.pgc	18	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
rfmtdate.pgc	20	style	The scope of the variable 'q' can be reduced.
rfmtdate.pgc	21	style	The scope of the variable 'dbuf' can be reduced.
rfmtdate.pgc	43	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
rfmtdate.pgc	44	style	The scope of the variable 'dbuf' can be reduced.
rfmtdate.pgc	46	style	The scope of the variable 'q' can be reduced.
rfmtdate.pgc	68	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
rfmtdate.pgc	85	style	The scope of the variable 'dbuf' can be reduced.
rfmtlong.pgc	18	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
rnull.pgc	50	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
sqlda.pgc	244	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
sqlda.pgc	244	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'HAVE_LONG_LONG_INT_64'.
sqlda.pgc	244	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '_ECPG_INFORMIX_H'.
test_informix.pgc	38	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
test_informix2.pgc	100	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
test_informix2.pgc	100	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
char_array.pgc	62	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
test2.pgc	35	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
test3.pgc	33	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
test5.pgc	18	style	The scope of the variable 'user' can be reduced.
dt_test.pgc	44	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
dt_test2.pgc	65	style	The scope of the variable 'i1' can be reduced.
nan_test.pgc	76	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
nan_test.pgc	76	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32'.
num_test.pgc	93	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
num_test2.pgc	57	error	Common realloc mistake: 'numarr' nulled but not freed upon failure
array_of_struct.pgc	60	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
autoprep.pgc	32	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
cursor.pgc	250	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
define.pgc	49	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
describe.pgc	141	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
init.pgc	57	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
init.pgc	57	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
init.pgc	50	error	Code 'namespaceN{' is invalid C code. Use --std or --language to configure the language.
outofscope.pgc	121	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
pointer_to_struct.pgc	64	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
variable.pgc	95	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
whenever.pgc	41	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
whenever_do_continue.pgc	32	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
array.pgc	69	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
array.pgc	69	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
copystdout.pgc	17	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
copystdout.pgc	17	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
define.pgc	53	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
define.pgc	53	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
desc.pgc	26	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
dynalloc.pgc	39	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
dynalloc.pgc	39	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
dynalloc2.pgc	52	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
dynalloc2.pgc	52	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
dyntest.pgc	55	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
dyntest.pgc	55	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
execute.pgc	109	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
fetch.pgc	38	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
func.pgc	24	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
insupd.pgc	26	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
oldexec.pgc	86	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
parser.pgc	28	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
quote.pgc	26	error	Invalid number of character '(' when no macros are defined.
sqlda.pgc	254	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
sqlda.pgc	254	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'HAVE_LONG_LONG_INT'.
sqlda.pgc	254	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: '_ECPG_INFORMIX_H'.
twophase.pgc	38	error	Invalid number of character '{' when no macros are defined.
alloc.pgc	55	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY'.
alloc.pgc	55	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;WIN32'.
alloc.pgc	55	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;WIN32;_MSC_VER'.
alloc.pgc	55	error	Invalid number of character '{' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;WIN32;__CYGWIN__'.
prep.pgc	101	error	#endif without #if
thread.pgc	89	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY'.
thread.pgc	89	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;WIN32'.
thread.pgc	89	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;WIN32;_MSC_VER'.
thread.pgc	89	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;_MSC_VER'.
thread_implicit.pgc	90	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY'.
thread_implicit.pgc	90	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;WIN32'.
thread_implicit.pgc	90	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;WIN32;_MSC_VER'.
thread_implicit.pgc	90	error	Invalid number of character '(' when these macros are defined: 'ENABLE_THREAD_SAFETY;_MSC_VER'.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/ecpg/test/pg_regress_ecpg.c	55	style	The scope of the variable 'n' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-auth-scram.c	436	style	Variable 'cbind_data' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-auth.c	659	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-connect.c	1940	warning	Either the condition '(savedMessage)==NULL' is redundant or there is possible null pointer dereference: savedMessage.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-connect.c	1482	style	The scope of the variable 'sebuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-connect.c	3085	style	Checking if unsigned variable 'conn->errorMessage.len' is less than zero.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-connect.c	4849	warning	Division by result of sizeof(). malloc() expects a size in bytes, did you intend to multiply instead?
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-connect.c	6669	style	Condition 'singlethread_lock==NULL' is always true
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-exec.c	3712	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-exec.c	3713	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-exec.c	535	style	Checking if unsigned variable 'nBytes' is less than zero.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-lobj.c	693	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-lobj.c	789	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-lobj.c	882	style	The scope of the variable 'fname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-misc.c	590	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-misc.c	812	style	Label 'definitelyFailed' is not used.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-print.c	89	style	The scope of the variable 'pagerenv' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-print.c	685	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-print.c	686	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol2.c	810	error	Common realloc mistake: 'rowbuf' nulled but not freed upon failure
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol3.c	69	style	The scope of the variable 'avail' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol3.c	1150	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol3.c	1159	style	The scope of the variable 'beg_trunc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol3.c	1160	style	The scope of the variable 'end_trunc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol3.c	1547	style	The scope of the variable 'avail' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol3.c	1650	style	The scope of the variable 'msgLength' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-protocol3.c	775	error	Common realloc mistake: 'rowbuf' nulled but not freed upon failure
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-secure-openssl.c	275	style	The scope of the variable 'sebuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-secure-openssl.c	515	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-secure-openssl.c	1215	style	The scope of the variable 'sebuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-secure-openssl.c	110	style	Condition 'ssl_open_connections!=0' is always false
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-secure.c	236	style	The scope of the variable 'sebuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/fe-secure.c	314	style	The scope of the variable 'sebuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/pqexpbuffer.c	288	style	The scope of the variable 'avail' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/pqexpbuffer.c	290	style	The scope of the variable 'nprinted' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/interfaces/libpq/win32.c	284	style	The scope of the variable 'offs' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	1481	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	1625	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3188	style	The scope of the variable 'row' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3549	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3690	style	The scope of the variable 'sv' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3691	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3692	style	The scope of the variable 'limit' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3693	style	The scope of the variable 'spi_rv' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3694	style	The scope of the variable 'nulls' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3695	style	The scope of the variable 'argvalues' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3816	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3817	style	The scope of the variable 'nulls' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plperl/plperl.c	3818	style	The scope of the variable 'argvalues' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_comp.c	1366	style	The scope of the variable 'ns' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_comp.c	1421	style	The scope of the variable 'ns' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_comp.c	1501	style	The scope of the variable 'ns' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_comp.c	1568	style	The scope of the variable 'dtype' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_comp.c	2383	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	4611	style	The scope of the variable 'tuptab' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	1752	error	Uninitialized variable: e
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	1872	error	Uninitialized variable: s
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	2214	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	2293	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	2405	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	2468	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	3652	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	4035	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	7881	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_exec.c	8191	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1625	style	The scope of the variable 'd' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	481	error	Uninitialized variable: s
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	495	error	Uninitialized variable: e
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	517	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	533	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	594	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	664	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	675	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	706	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	719	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	974	error	Uninitialized variable: e
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1015	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1046	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1221	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1408	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1434	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1552	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1581	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_funcs.c	1602	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:358  *	1409	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:1646  *	2	style	The scope of the variable 'tok' can be reduced.
* yacc.c:1646  *	48	style	The scope of the variable 'expr' can be reduced.
* yacc.c:1906  *	365	style	The scope of the variable 'prev_tok' can be reduced.
* yacc.c:1646  *	26	error	Memory is allocated but not initialized: cp1
* yacc.c:1646  *	15	error	Uninitialized variable: l
* yacc.c:1646  *	13	error	Uninitialized variable: lc
* yacc.c:1906  *	1502	error	Uninitialized variable: l
* yacc.c:358  *	1275	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_handler.c	89	error	Uninitialized variable: l
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpgsql/src/pl_scanner.c	433	style	The scope of the variable 'yytext' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_elog.c	537	style	Variable 'args' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_elog.c	301	style	The scope of the variable 'line' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	427	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	692	style	The scope of the variable 'pltname' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	693	style	The scope of the variable 'pltevent' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	694	style	The scope of the variable 'pltwhen' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	695	style	The scope of the variable 'pltlevel' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	696	style	The scope of the variable 'pltrelid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	697	style	The scope of the variable 'plttablename' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	698	style	The scope of the variable 'plttableschema' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	699	style	The scope of the variable 'pltargs' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	700	style	The scope of the variable 'pytnew' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	701	style	The scope of the variable 'pytold' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	703	style	The scope of the variable 'stroid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_exec.c	839	style	The scope of the variable 'pltarg' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_procedure.c	181	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_spi.c	548	style	Variable 'args' is reassigned a value before the old one has been used.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/plpython/plpy_typeio.c	840	style	The scope of the variable 'value' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	811	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	1062	style	The scope of the variable 'stroid' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	1066	style	The scope of the variable 'tcl_trigtup' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	1067	style	The scope of the variable 'tcl_newtup' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	1069	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	2321	style	The scope of the variable 'spi_rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	2434	style	The scope of the variable 'loop_rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	2544	style	The scope of the variable 'i' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	2668	style	The scope of the variable 'spi_rc' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	2670	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/pl/tcl/pltcl.c	2680	style	The scope of the variable 'argvalues' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/chklocale.c	42	style	struct member 'encoding_match::system_enc_name' is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/chklocale.c	227	style	The scope of the variable 'codepage' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/crypt.c	313	style	The scope of the variable 'tp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/crypt.c	314	style	The scope of the variable 't' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/crypt.c	638	style	The scope of the variable 'ptabp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/crypt.c	684	style	The scope of the variable 'loop_count' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/crypt.c	1013	style	The scope of the variable 'k' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/getopt_long.c	82	style	Redundant condition: If 'EXPR == '-'', the comparison 'EXPR' is always true.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/getopt_long.c	89	style	Redundant condition: If 'EXPR == '-'', the comparison 'EXPR' is always true.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/inet_aton.c	59	style	The scope of the variable 'base' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/inet_aton.c	61	style	The scope of the variable 'c' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/inet_net_ntop.c	145	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/inet_net_ntop.c	285	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/inet_net_ntop.c	159	style	The scope of the variable 't' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/kill.c	61	warning	%u in format string (no. 1) requires 'unsigned int' but the argument type is 'signed int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/path.c	380	warning	Redundant assignment of 'path' to itself.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/path.c	872	warning	Redundant assignment of 'path' to itself.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/path.c	903	warning	Redundant assignment of 'path' to itself.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/pg_strong_random.c	51	style	The scope of the variable 'res' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/port/strerror.c	21	style	The scope of the variable 'buf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlibpq2.c	56	style	The scope of the variable 'notify' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlibpq4.c	77	style	Variable 'tblName' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo.c	40	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo.c	82	style	The scope of the variable 'nbytes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo.c	112	style	The scope of the variable 'nbytes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo.c	155	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo64.c	40	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo64.c	82	style	The scope of the variable 'nbytes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo64.c	117	style	The scope of the variable 'nbytes' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/examples/testlo64.c	177	style	The scope of the variable 'tmp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/isolation/isolationtester.c	702	style	The scope of the variable 'ret' can be reduced.
* yacc.c:358  *	830	warning	Assignment of function parameter has no effect outside the function. Did you forget dereferencing it?
* yacc.c:358  *	697	warning	Either the condition 'yytoken!=-2' is redundant, otherwise there is negative array index -2.
specscanner.c	1474	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
specscanner.c	1475	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
specscanner.c	1486	warning	Possible null pointer dereference: b
postgresql-11.0/src/test/modules/test_ddl_deparse/test_ddl_deparse.c	94	error	Uninitialized variable: cell
postgresql-11.0/src/test/modules/worker_spi/worker_spi.c	362	warning	%d in format string (no. 1) requires 'int' but the argument type is 'unsigned int'.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/regress/pg_regress.c	2079	style	The scope of the variable 'buf2' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/test/regress/pg_regress.c	1447	style	Variable 'best_line_count' is assigned a value that is never used.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	1102	style	The scope of the variable 'j' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	1185	style	The scope of the variable 'fields' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	1186	style	The scope of the variable 'cp' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	1188	style	The scope of the variable 'nfields' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	2417	style	The scope of the variable 'letterbuf' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	2736	style	The scope of the variable 'usestart' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	2737	style	The scope of the variable 'useuntil' can be reduced.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	2351	error	Invalid putc() argument nr 1. A non-boolean value is required.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	2354	error	Invalid putc() argument nr 1. A non-boolean value is required.
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	993	error	Resource leak: fp
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	993	error	Resource leak: tp
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	1275	error	Resource leak: fp
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	2359	error	Resource leak: fp
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	3097	error	Uninitialized variable: xr
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	992	error	Resource leak: fp
postgresql-11.0/src/timezone/zic.c	992	error	Resource leak: tp
		information	Too many #ifdef configurations - cppcheck only checks 12 configurations. Use --force to check all configurations. For more details, use --enable=information.
